Provincial commanders for the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade recently met to discuss the allocation of equipment and supplies. The meeting took place at a house located near //MGRS: 39TTF8910288627// outside of  Quba, Hachzi Province, Atropia. The Vetlia Province commander, Rasmus Dalvand, was upset that his fighters were not receiving the weapons and ammunition to effectively carry out attacks against military targets. At the meeting, Naeem Meszaros, BFB commander for Hachzi Province, promised to increase the number of weapons and amount of ammunition, and Martin Fatemi, the BFB commander for Erdabil Province, said that he would assist moving the supplies through the mountains of Erdabil Province. Dalvand promised to send payments with Rasmus Fatemi for weapons that are bought off of the black market.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) commanders in Vetlia Province met to plan future operations regarding weapons acquisition and attacks on Atropian and U.S. targets. The Vetlia Province Deputy BFB Commander, Lukas Asif, met with senior BFB commanders Filip Fasihuddin and Marek Zanjani at an unknown location near Karamaryan //MGRS: 39TTF4768000116//, Vetlia Province, Atropia. The commanders discussed upcoming attacks on Atropian Government targets and non-Bilasuvar civilian gatherings. For these attacks, the commanders decided that improvised explosive devices (IED) would create the most panic, and would allow the attacks to be carried out without having a large number of BFB fighters present. Krzystof Iqbal, a senior BFB  member responsible for operational planning, assured the commanders that he could acquire the components necessary to build the IEDs.  The commanders also discussed weapons acquisitions for BFB fighters in Vetlia Province. Ondrej Fatemi, a BFB member responsible for transporting supplies from Donovia, said that a shipment of rifles and ammunition would be delivered within the week. The shipment will come from a weapons dealer in Donovia, and will be transported to an unidentified safehouse in northern Vetlia Province. Additional weapons and material will be acquired as the BFB receives more money for operations.  BFB Commanders Filip Fasihuddin and Marek Zanjani are subordinate to Vetlia BFB Commander Rasmus Dalvand. Krzystof Iqbal and Ondrej Fatemi are subordinate to Fasihuddin. 
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) member Jihad Kukk is working with Al Iksir Cartel members to help facilitate the movement of explosives and ammunition between BFB cells in northern Atropia. Tawaab Pokorny, a BFB sub-commander, instructed Kukk and Dhul Parn to use BFB safehouses to facilitate movement of the supplies. Dhul Parn is in charge of operating a network of safehouses in Hachzi Province. Tariq Kocsis, the Hachzi Province BFB operations officer, will help Kukk establish communications with safehouse operators and operations officers in Erdabil and Vetlia Province to insure that the supplies are delivered to the correct locations.  Members of the Al Iksir Cartel do not directly support BFB operations, but will work with BFB when it is financially advantageous for them. In addition to moving supplies for the BFB, Al Iksir also sells weapons, ammunition, and other supplies to the BFB that are acquired from the black market operating in the Caucasus region.
An unidentified person working with the Atropian Organized Crime (AOC) met with Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) members to arrange for the delivery of weapons and ammunition that will take place within the next day. The unidentified AOC member met with Siraaj Ivanova, the BFB deputy commander for Hachzi Province, and BFB Financier Ameer Pinter to arrange for a specific location for delivery of the weapons and ammunition. Pinter has secured funds from an unknown Donovian source to purchase the weapons.   The BFB members will pay 25,000 USD in exchange for 15x AK-47 rifles, 10,000 rounds of 7.62mm ammunition, 5 crates of grenades, and 10x rocket propelled grenades. The exchange is scheduled to take place in the evening at a warehouse //MGRS: 39TTF9150280926// in Quba, Hachzi Province, Atropia.
Filip Nazar, a Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) member in Vetlia Province, was tasked by BFB Commander Rasmus Dalvand to recruit new members for the fight against the Atropian and U.S. militaries. Nazar was directed to go to Goycay //MGRS: 38TQL3180103917//, Vetlia Province, Atropia to recruit around the schools and to find refugees who were travelling through the area. A small bonus is to be given to anyone who will commit to fight for the BFB. The new recruits will be taken to a training camp run by Marcin Avarigan in northern Vetlia Province to learn how to use weapons and basic guerilla tactics.  Filip Nazar is the senior recruiter for the BFB in Vetlia Province, and answers directly to Commandr Rasmus Dalvand. Nazar works with BFB training camp operators Marcin Avaragin and Martin Intikhab to get new recruits to one of two training camps that are located in northern and eastern Vetlia Province.
Amr Parn and Mutazz Saar, recruiters for the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB), have been visiting schools in Syukhyub //MGRS: 39TTF8196858207//, Hachzi Province, Atropia to recruit boys as young as 12 years old to fight for the BFB. Syukhyub is an isolated village in the Caucasus Mountains with relatively low income, so the recruiters promise the boys money and food for their families if they will fight against the Atropians and U.S. occupiers. After the boys agree to join the BFB, they are sent to one of two  training camps in Hachzi Province. Mujeeb Magi runs a training camp which focuses on larger weapons such as artillery and mortars, and Shakoor Balazs operates the other camp which focuses on intelligence collection, reconnaisance, and propaganda. Both training camps train new recruits in basic guerilla tactics.  Amr Parn and Mutazz Saar are subordinate to commander Qudoos Prochazka. Mujeeb Magi runs a training camp in an unknown location in western Hachzi Province, and is subordinate to Qutaybah Kis. Shakoor Balazs operates a trainin camp in central Hachzi Province, and is subordinate to Prochazka.
Donovian Special Purpose Force (SPF) members have travelled to Hachzi Province to assist Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) members at their training camps. At least an eight man team of Donovian SPF arrived at a training camp run by Mujeeb Magi in Hachzi Province. A BFB senior commander, Qutaybah Kis, arranged for the SPF to train BFB soldiers on how to set up and operate artillery.   Kis arranged for four of the SPF members to travel to a training camp operated by Shakoor Balazs to train BFB fighters there in basic military techniqes, as well as how to conduct a reconnaisance on enemy forces. Idrees Svoboda, subordinate to sub-commander Usaamah Takacs, and Ghafaar Torok, subordinate to the Hachzi BFB Commander Naeem Meszaros, are travelling to attend the reconaissance training at this camp.
Nikolai Asad, a member of Atropia Organized Crime (AOC), met with Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) members Rasmus Fatemi and Ondrej Fatemi two days ago. The meeting took place at a restaurant //MGRS: 39TTF5245134256// in Sumagally, Vetlia Province, Atropia, and was used to finalize plans for the BFB to assist the AOC in moving black market goods through northern Atropia. In exchange, the AOC will provide financing for the BFB to conduct operations against the Atropian government. Ondrej Fatemi will make sure that the AOC has the vehicles necessary to move the goods, and provide smuggling routes to avoid Atropian checkpoints and patrols. Rasmus Fatemi, subordinate to Commander Rasmus Dalvand, arranged for payments of $50,000 to be made for each truck that the BFB assists with moving.   The AOC is involved with human, narcotics, and weapons trafficking througout the region. The organization operates for profit, and will work with anyone that will help them increase their profits.
A meeting of senior Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) commanders in Atropia took place two days ago in Vetlia Province. BFB commander Rasmus Dalvand held the meeting near Vartashenkyshlak //MGRS: 38TQL0696749160//, Vetlia Province, Atropia with Martin Fatemi, the Erdabil Province commander. Dalvand met with Fatemi to discuss plans for upcoming attacks and coordinate support between the two BFB cells.   Also present at the meeting were Dalvand's bodyguard, Robin Nazar, and Rasmus Fatemi, who takes care of securing finances for BFB operations in Vetlia Province. Three unidentified men travelled with Martin Fatemi to the meeting. The meeting lasted three hours, and Rasmus Fatemi returned to Erdabil Province.
An informant within the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigades (BFB) Hachzi Cell has reported that Donovian Special Purpose Forces (SPF) have begun training BFB members on how to use artillery and air defense weapons. Mujeeb Magi, who runs a BFB training camp in western Hachzi Province has arranged for Donovian SPF to train BFB members on the use of the newly acquired 2A36 artillery and shoulder fired air defense weapons. Magi, who is subordinate to Commander Qutaybah Kis, has been tasked with training artillery and air defense teams in western Hachzi Province.   The BFB are attempting to use more conventional military tactics in conjunction with the guerilla tactics which they have traditionally used. They believe that being more highly trained will allow them to become a regional power when they are able to expel the Atropian military from the area.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) training camp operator Mutaa Fodor has arranged for Donovian Special Purpose Forces (SPF) to conduct sabotage training with BFB fighters in Erdabil Province. The training will take place at a BFB training camp outside of Duztahir //MGRS: 39TTF6207587722//, Erdabil Province, Atropia. Donovian SPF is expected to send ten advisors/trainers from Shirvanoka, Donovia. In addition to the Erdabil Province BFB members that will be in attendance, a Vetlia Province BFB commander, Filip Fasihuddin, is sending at least ten members from his own cell including: Stanislaw Rawhani, Antanas Ettehadieh, Jan Sadiqi and Jan Hassan.
Operations officers for the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade arranged a meeting to take place in the next two days at an unidentified location in Quba //MGRS: 39TTF9235481991//, Hachzi Province, Atropia. Tariq Kocsis, BFB operations officer for Hachzi Province, arranged the meeting, and Jozef Shia-Agil, operations officer for Erdabil Province, and Kryzstof Iqbal, operations officer for Vetlia Province, will attend. The purpose of the meeting was to coordinate future attacks on Atropian and U.S. Forces in northern Atropia, and to arrange for weapons from the Donovian military and from black market purchases to be delivered to cells in each province.  Also scheduled to attend the meeting were BFB commanders from each province including Marek Zanjani, senior BFB commander in Vetlia Province, Tomasz Iravan-bin-Mohammad, senior commander in Erdabil Province, Juoza Najafi, BFB Financier in Erdabil Province subordinate to Commander Martin Fatemi, Qutaybah Kis, senior BFB commander in Hachzi Province, and Naeem Meszaros, the BFB commander of Hachzi Province.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) members in Vetlia Province received instructions on how to use different types of explosives. Explosives training was done at a training camp in northern Vetlia Province run by Marcin Avarigan. At least four Donovian Special Purpose Force instructors travelled to the camp to teach the BFB members how to emplace and detonate explosives. The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade is not able to acquire large numbers of artillery or mortars, so they are trying to make their own improvised explosive devices, including Remote Controlled IED (RCIED), Vehicle Borne IED (VBIED), and Command Wired IED (CWIED).   At least 12 BFB members attended the training, including: Stanislaw Rawhani, Jan Sadiqi, Antanas Ettehadieh, Martin Al-Mubi, and Rasmus Muqimi. Rawhani, Sadiqi, and Ettehadieh are all subordinate to Commander Filip Fasihuddin. Al-Mubi and Muqimi are subordinate to Commander Marek Zanjani.
Senior leadership for the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade arranged a meeting to take place in the next two days at an unidentified location in Anykh //MGRS: 39TTF6776679802//, Erdabil Province, Atropia. Martin Fatemi, BFB senior commander for Erdabil Province, arranged the meeting. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss strategy and future plans regarding BFB attacks against Atropian government and military forces.  Scheduled to attend the meeting were BFB commanders from each province including Rasmus Dalvand, senior BFB commander in Vetlia Province, Marek Zanjani, senior BFB leader in Vetlia Province, Tomasz Iravan-bin-Mohammad, a senior leader in Erdabil Province, Siraaj Ivanova, BFB Deputy Commander in Hachzi Province, and Naeem Meszaros, the BFB commander of Hachzi Province.
A source in northern Erdabil Province has reported that the Donovian military is sending military weapons and equipment to Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) separatists in Erdabil Province, Atropia. Within the next two days, Jozef Shia-Agil, the operations officer for the BFB in Erdabil Province, was to travel with BFB Commander Adam Rafigdoost and 15 BFB members to Donovia to pick up four 2A36 medium artillery guns. Since the withdraw of Atropian Border Police, there have been no issues with transferring weapons and equipment from Donovia to Atropia.  The Hachzi Province BFB Operations Officer, Tariq Kocsis was ordered by Siraaj Ivanova, the Deputy BFB Commander for Hachzi Province, to meet with Shia-Agil and arrange for the delivery of two of the 2A36's to BFB Combat Brigade in Hachzi. Ivanova wants to use Donovian Special Purpose Forces to train his men on the use of the artillery before deploying it against Atropian or U.S. Forces.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade are hiding weapons and supplies in caves in the mountainous terrain of western Hachzi Province. Jihad Kukk has worked with BFB commanders in Hachzi Province to create hidden caches utilizing caves around the towns of Rustov //MGRS: 39TTF9724169485// and Kurkun //MGRS: 39TTF7924383593//, Hachzi Province Atropia. BFB sub-commanders Tawaab Pokorny and Muhannad Cerny will provide security teams at each of the cache locations.  Jihad Kukk is subordinate to Tawaab Pokorny.
Luqmaan Juhasz and Tomasz Estili, recruiters for the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB), have been visiting Shi'a madrassas in Sheki, Erdabil Province, Atropia to recruit young teen males to fight for the BFB. Sheki suffers from extremely high unemployment and widespread poverty, so the recruiters promise the boys money and food for their families if they will fight against the Atropians and U.S. occupiers. After the boys agree to joing the BFB, they are sent to one of two  training camps in Erdabil Province. Saahir Prochazka runs a training camp which focuses on larger weapons such as artillery, mortars and improvised explosive devices (IED), and Mutaa Fodor operates the other camp which focuses on intelligence collection, reconnaisance, sabotage and propaganda. Both training camps train new recruits in basic guerilla tactics.  Saahir Prochazka is subordinate to BFB commander Andrzej Sanjabi, and Mutaa Fodor is subordinate to BFB commander Martin Fatemi. Saahir Prochazka runs a training camp in an unknown location in western Erdabil Province. Mutaa Fodor operates a training camp near Vartashen in eastern Erdabil Province.
The top Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) financier, Juozas Najafi, has transferred large amounts of money from commanders in Erdabil Province to commanders in Vetlia Province. Erdabil Province BFB Commander Martin Fatemi and Deputy Commander Stanislaw Avarigan wanted to transfer large sums of money to Vetlia Province Commander Rasmus Dalvand and Deputy Commander Lukas Asif in order to cover operational funds and help boost recruitment in  Vetlia Province.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) improvised explosive device (IED) expert and senior leader, Adam Rafigdoost, has been conducting IED building and emplacement training outside of Duztahir //MGRS: 39TTF6207587722//, Erdabil Province, Atropia with BFB members from Erdabil, Vetlia and Hachzi Provinces. Members from Erdabil Province include: Stansilaw Khushkhu, Saahir Prochazka, Krzystof Al-Daye, Naasih Kis, Tomasz Zanjani, Petris Arif and Jozef Shia-Agil. Members from Vetlia Province included BFB training camp operator Martin Intikhab and Commander Marek Zanjani. Members from Hachzi Province include BFB Commander Qutaybah Kis and training camp operator Mujeeb Magi. The training includes building remote control IED's (RCIED), vehicle-borne IED's (VBIED) and suicide vest IED's (SVIED). 
Luqmaan Juhasz and Tomasz Estili, recruiters for the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB), have been visiting colleges throughout Erdabil Province, Atropia to recruit military-aged males to fight for the BFB. College campuses in Erdabil Province have historically had a significant attendance of students that are BFB sympathizers. After the men agree to joing the BFB, they are sent to one of two  training camps in Erdabil Province. Saahir Prochazka runs a training camp which focuses on larger weapons such as artillery, mortars and improvised explosive devices (IED), and Mutaa Fodor operates the other camp which focuses on intelligence collection, reconnaisance, sabotage and propaganda. Both training camps train new recruits in basic guerilla tactics.  Saahir Prochazka is subordinate to Commander Andrzej Sanjabi, and Mutaa Fodor is subordinate to BFB commander Martin Fatemi. Saahir Prochazka runs a training camp in an unknown location in western Erdabil Province. Mutaa Fodor operates a training camp near Duztahir //MGRS: 39TTF6207587722// in eastern Erdabil Province.
Two days ago, the Bilasuvar Freeedom Brigade (BFB) cell in Vetlia Province received a supply of weapons and ammunition from Donovian Special Purpose Force (SPF) advisors. The four man team of advisors travelled to a training camp in eastern Vetlia Province operated by BFB member Martin Intikhab to deliver the supplies. Krzystof Iqbal, the Vetlia Province BFB Operations Officer, was at the camp to receive the shipment of supplies and distribute them to commanders in Vetlia Province.   Among the weapons delivered were 50x AK-47 rifles, 8x DShK Heavy Machine Guns, 5x SA-18 Man-Portable Air Defense Systems (MANPADS), and 12x TM-72 Anti-Tank Mines. The Donovian SPF advisors were willing to train BFB members on how to use these weapons, and promised that more weapons would be available in the future as the BFB began making gains against the Atropian Government.  Martin Intikhab operates a training camp in the mountains of eastern Vetlia Province, and is subordinate to BFB Commander Rasmus Dalvand. Krzystof Iqbal is the operations officer for Rasmus Dalvand, and one of Dalvand's primary advisors.
A document discovered after a police raid on a house owned by Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) member Piotr Malik indicated that the BFB are trying to find ways to have their members infiltrate the Atropian military. The document, which appeared to be notes from a meeting with BFB commander Filip Fasihuddin, contained options for getting BFB members into the military forces in Atropia. These options included having BFB members join the military as new recruits, or acquiring military uniforms so that BFB members could pose as military members. Additionally, the BFB may try to recruit individuals already in the military by offering money, thorugh extortion, or through blackmailing the individuals.  The document did not specify what the intent of the BFB was after infiltrating the Atropian military. It is possible that the BFB would use these individuals to gather intelligence, or for possible insider attacks against Atropian and U.S. Forces. Piotr Malik was not at his house at the time of the raid.
The Donovian military is sending military weapons and equipment to Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) separatists in Erdabil Province, Atropia. Erdabil Province BFB Deputy Commander Stanislaw Avarigan will be traveling with BFB Commander Martin Fatemi and 10 BFB members to Donovia in order to pick up possibly dozens of rocket propelled grenades (RPG) and military grade munitions. Since the withdraw of Atropian Border Police, there have been no issues with transferring weapons and equipment from Donovia to Atropia.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) members , Mutazz Szilagyi and Nabeel Novak, have coordinated to begin a massive social media campaign aimed against the Ismailov Atropian Government with goals of discrediting and undermining the government while also emboldening the sympathetic civilian population in northern Atropia . Szilagyi and Novak have been posting doctored pictures of supposed Atropian government and U.S. human rights violations and war crimes and atrocities on Twitter and Facebook. Through this campaign the BFB has also encouraged the sympathetic Muslim civilians of Erdabil, Hachzi and Vetlia Provinces to rise up against the government and take control of the country.   Mutazz Szilagyi is in charge of most of the information operations in Erdabil Province for the BFB, and answers directly to Commander Tomasz Iravan-bin-Mahmood. Nabeel Novak is subordinate to Commander Tomasz Zanjani, but often works with Szilagyi on information operation campaigns.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) Head of Security Ayoob Luik has pushed BFB intelligence officers Krzysztof Aslam-Mohammad, and Jan Wasim to employ their sources and find out what they can about Atropian and U.S. forces focus of targeting. Luik is extremely concerned about leaks and informants within the BFB in Erdabil Province. Luik is convinced the Atropian government and/or U.S. forces will move against Erdabil Province BFB commander Martin Fatemi and deputy commander Stanislaw Avarigan.   Ayoob Luik and Krzystof Aslam-Mohammad are directly subordinate to BFB Commander Martin Fatemi. Jan Wasim is subordinate to BFB Commander Petris Arif. BFB members, regardless of who they are subordinate to, are sometimes tasked to help senior leaders when they have a special skill that is needed.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) has been recruiting personnel, to fight  for them, at a camp for internally displaced persons (IDP) in Erdabil Province. The camp has been a fertile recruiting ground for the BFB as they promise money and food to anyone who will joing their fight. Luqmaan Juhasz, a BFB recruiter, has been targeting young, impoverished men who are looking for a way out of the IDP camp. Juhasz gives a small cash payment initially to the new recruits, and promises more after they have completed their training. After the men agree to joing the BFB, they are sent to a  training camp in Erdabil Province run by Saahir Prochazka. Prochazka's training camp focuses on larger weapons such as artillery, mortars and improvised explosive devices (IED), and guerilla tactics  Saahir Prochazka is subordinate to BFB commander Andrzej Sanjabi. Prochazka runs a training camp in an unknown location in western Erdabil Province. Sanjabi is subordinate to BFB Commander for Erdabil Province, Martin Fatemi.
An operations officer for the Hachzi Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade has acquired body armor from Donovia. Tariq Kocsis, a BFB operations officer, arranged for the delivery of 40 pieces of body armor to be used by BFB fighters in Hachzi Province. Donovian Special Purpose Forces (SPF) are bringing the body armor to a training camp in western Hachzi Province. After the body armor is delivered, Jihad Kukk will be responsible for making sure the armor gets to BFB fighters actively fighting against Atropian and U.S. forces.
Jan Hassan, a Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) member, was tasked by Commander Jan Sadiqi to perform reconnaisance on the pipelines running through southern Vetlia Province. Hassan is to conduct reconniasance on the gas and oil pipelines for the next two weeks and report on the security situation including the number of security personnel patroling, how often they patrol, and shift changes. Sadiqi will use this information to plan an attack on the pipeline using improvised explosive devices (IED). The goal of this attack is to cause disruption to the Atropian economy, and send a message to the Atropians that the BFB is a legitimate power in the region.  Jan Sadiqi is a BFB commander subordinate to Filip Fasihuddin. Sadiqi commands a team of eight BFB members, including Jan Hassan, and operates primarily in southern Vetlia Province.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) spokesman, Isaam Simon, will soon release a statement denouncing the secular Ismailov Government of Atropia as "fraudulent, anti-Islamic and corrupt". The statement will criticize the Atropian government's cooperation with U.S. forces and their anti-Islamic activities in Vetlia Province. The BFB will demand the resignation of President Ismailov and a conversion to an Islamic government or they will call for an overthrow of the current regime. The BFB will call on the people of northern Atropia to stand with them against the Ismailov government.  Isaam Simon is the spokesman for the BFB in Erdabil Province, and is directly subordinate to BFB Commander for Erdabil Province Martin Fatemi.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) commander Martin Fatemi ordered Aleksander Wasim, Stansilaw Khushkhu, Jakub Mohammad and Piotr Sajjad to send reconaissance teams to conduct surveillance on Atropian military camps throughout Erdabil Province. Fatemi wants to know how often Atropian or U.S. Forces pass through chokepoints along routes leading to the bases in order to determine ideal locations to employ mines, improvised explosive devices, or ambushes.  Wasim, Khushku, Mohammad, and Sajjad all perform reconnaisance for separate BFB commanders, but will work together when Commander Fatemi orders a high profile attack to be planned. Jakub Mohammad is the senior reconnaisance leader for Erdabil Province, and works directly for Martin Fatemi. Aleksander Wasim is subordinate to Krzystof Al-Daye; Stanislaw Khushku is subordinate to Commander Tomasz Iravan-bin-Mohammad; Piotr Sajjad is subordinate to Commander Petris Asif. 
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) began broadcasting anti-Atropian messages on radio stations across northern Atropia three days ago. BFB commander Raheem Szabo was able to take control of a radio station in Syukhyub //MGRS: 39TTF8196858207//, Hachzi  Province, Atropia, and ordered BFB member Rahmaan Kovacs to begin broadcasting messages denouncing the Atropian government's activities in Vetlia Province and the U.S. occupation of Atropia. The message also encouraged civilians in Vetlia Province to join the BFB in fighting against Atropia, or they would be killed as supporters of an unjust regime.
Mutaa Fodor, a Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) training camp operator in Erdabil Province, travelled to a training camp in Hachzi Province to help train BFB members in carrying out ambushes. Fodor met with Mujeeb Magi, who operates a training camp in an undidentified location in western Hachzi Province, Atropia, and agreed to train new recruits in ambushes against small groups and complex ambushes with improvised explosive devices (IED) against military convoys. In return for the training, some of the new recruits will travel to Erdabil Province to join the BFB fighters under the command of Martin Fatemi.  Mutaa Fodor received military training in Donovia, and is travelling around to BFB camps to share the training with other BFB members. Fodor is subordinate to Erdabil Province BFB commander Martin Fatemi. It is unclear how many recruits will return to Erdabil Province with Fodor.
Three days ago, a team of Donovian Special Purpose Forces (SPF) travelled to Atropia to meet with BFB leadership coordinate attacks against the Atropian Government in Vetlia Province. The team of four Donovian SPF members travelled to a safehouse run by BFB member Ondrej Iqbal in the mountains north of Khachmaskyshlak //MGRS: 38TQL1955745719//, Vetlia Province, Atropia and met with BFB Commanders Rasmus Dalvand, Filip Fasihuddin, and Marek Zanjani. The purpose of the meeting was to plan a strategy for attacking Atropian government and military targets, and to coordinate any future attacks with the goals of the Donovian military. Commander Dalvand was willing to coordinate attacks with the Donovian military in exchange for weapons and supplies.  Also attending the meeting were BFB members Krzystof Iqbal, operations officer and advisor to Rasmus Dalvand, and Robin Nazar, Dalvand's personal bodyguard. The meeting took place over a two day period before the SPF team left. It is unknown where the SPF team was going next, or if they were returning to Donovia. 
Al Iksir Cartel members in Erdabil Province are smuggling weapons shipments at a discounted price to the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) in exchange for the use of BFB safehouses as they move black market goods through Atropia. BFB member Naasih Kis works with Al Iksir to provide safe passage to and from the safehouses. The safehouses are located along a major route in Erdabil Province but the exact location is unknown. BFB member Haady Szabo operates the safehouses in Erdabil Province.  In addition to moving Al Iksir Cartel members to and from BFB safehouses, BFB smuggler Naasih Kis has been receiving and distributing weapons from Al Iksir. BFB financiers Juozas Najafi and Rasmus Haqiqat have been providing the funds Al Iksir requires for the transactions. The BFB has been receiving large quantities of heavy machine guns, mortars and rocket propelled grenades (RPG). The Al Iksir Cartel may also be providing Chinese and Donovian made body armor and night vision goggles (NVG) to the BFB.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) has managed to gain several informants within the Atropian Government. BFB sources inside the Ismailov government tip BFB intelligence officers off when attacks or raids on BFB compounds are scheduled to happen. BFB intelligence officers, Krzystof Aslam-Mohammad and Jakub Al-Rhul-Ghias have paid and coerced a number of informants inside the government.  Krzystof Aslam-Mohammad is the senior intelligence officer for the Erdabil Province BFB, and is subordinate directly to Commander Martin Fatemi. Jakub Al-Rhul-Ghias is subordinate to Commander Andrzej Sanjabi, and is in charge of recruiting informants to gather information for future BFB operations. 
The Donovian military has arranged for a shipment of 3x Type 63-1 self-propelled artillery to be made to Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) fighters in Hachzi Province. BFB commander for Hachzi Province, Naeem Meszaros, has been asking Donovian leaders for more military support in the fight against Atropia. Meszaros has informed his senior commanders Qutaybah Kis and Mutee Fodor,  that they are to send BFB members to pick up the equipment in Donovia immediately and begin training their fighters on how to use it. Kis indicated that he would send a team with Raheem Szabo, and Fodor will send a team with Qudoos Prochazka.  Qutaybah Kis and Mutee Fodor are subordinate to Naeem Meszaros. Raheem Szabo is a BFB commander subordinate to Qutaybah Kis, and Qudoos Prochazka is a BFB commander subordinate to Mutee Fodor.
The separatist Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade has promised to assist Donovian military forces in the event that they invade Atropia. Naeem Meszaros, the BFB Commander for Hachzi Province, has ordered his senior leaders, Qutaybah Kis and Mutee Fodor, to organize their fighters and supplies to be able to react to requests for support from the Donovian military. The BFB's primary goal is to create a separate state in northern Atropia, but realize they likely won't achieve this without Donovian intervention. By agreeing to assist the Donovian military, Meszaros is hoping that Donovia will supply more weapons and ammunition to the BFB.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) separatists carried out an attack on a police station //MGRS: 38TQL3166603487// in Goycay, Vetlia Province, Atropia. At least eight BFB members approached the police station in two vans, and used rifles and rocket propelled grenades (RPG) in an attack that lasted about 15 minutes. No deaths were reported, but 13 policemen were wounded in the attack. Martin Al-Mubi, a BFB sub-commander, was responsible for leading the attack.  
An Atropian Border Police checkpoint came under attack last night by members of the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB). The checkpoint located 24 km north of Khachmanskyshlak //MGRS: 38TQL0696749160//, Vetlia Province Atropia, was attacked at 0650 local time by a team of six BFB members led by Stanislaw Rawhani. The BFB used small arms and grenades to attack the checkpoint, and then fled when the Atropian Forces stationed at the checkpoint returned fire. Two Atropian soldiers were killed in the attack, and one BFB guerilla was wounded and captured. The BFB member captured has not been identified, and has refused to cooperate with the Atropian Police who are interrogating him.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) has been using the Al Iksir Cartel to purchase and deliver weapons and supplies from the Donovian black market into Atropia. Al Iksir uses smuggling paths through the Cuacasus Mountains to move the supplies across the border. The supplies are then taken to BFB safehouses operated by Ondrej Iqbal.  After the supplies are delivered to the safehouses, BFB member Ondrej Fatemi has been tasked by Filip Fasihuddin to facilitate movement of the supplies,  and hide supplies in cache sites in the mountains near Khachmaskyshlak //MGRS: 38TQL1955745719// and Vartashenkshylak //MGRS: 38TQL0696749160//, Vetlia Province, Atropia.  The supplies delivered by Al Iksir include clothes, IED components, and weapons that are purchased from the Donovian black market. In exchange for delivering the supplies, the BFB provides security and transportation for Al Iksir to move narcotics  through northern Atropia and to the ports along the Caspian Sea.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) senior leader Tomasz Iravan-Bin-Mahmood has ordered BFB members Andrzej Sanjabi and Tomasz Maro to set up ambushes at chokepoints along routes leading to Atropian military bases in Erdabil Province. Sanjabi and Maro are supposed to meet with intelligence officers Krzysztof Aslam- Mohammad and Jan Wasim as well as BFB recon leader Sansilaw Khushkhu in order to coordinate the planning of ambush points and IED emplacement. Tomasz Iravan-Bin-Mahmood notified all of them that "big events" would be happening soon.
According to a source providing aid at a camp for internally displaced persons (IDP) in Hachzi Province, the Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) has been recruiting personnel in these camps to fight for them. The camp, located IVO //MGRS: 39TUF2310079600// 6km south of Charkhi, has been a fertile recruiting ground for the BFB as they promise money and food to anyone who will joing their fight. Amr Parn, a BFB recruiter, has been travelling with Shakoor Ivanov to target young men who are looking for a way out of the IDP camp. Ivanov gives a small payment initially to the new recruits, and promises more after they have completed their training.   Amr Parn is a subordinate of BFB commander Qudoos Prochazka, and Shakoor Ivanov is a subordinate of senior BFB commander Mutee Fodor. Prochazka commands his own BFB cell, but receives orders from Fodor, which is likely why Parn is working with Ivanov.
The overall Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) commander for Vetlia Province, Rasmus Dalvand, ordered increased IED attacks along the M4 Highway in southern Vetlia Province. The attacks were to target military and government vehicles travelling along the M4 Highway between Goycay //MGRS: 38TQL3180103917// and Karamaryan //MGRS: 38TQL3180103917// in Vetlia Province, Atropia. Antanas Ettehadieh, a BFB member, was assigned the task of emplacing the IEDs along the highway. Stanislaw Rawhani, a BFB sub-commander, is responsible for assembling the IEDs, and has tasked Vytautas Ta'anari to provide Ettehadieh with a list of locations to emplace the IEDs so that they cause the most damage to convoys.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) Operations Officer Jozef Shia-Agil has planned attacks against Atropian Military targets in and around Anykh //MGRS: 39TTF6776679802//, Erdabil Province, Atropia. BFB fighters are to conduct coordinated attacks against Atropian military formations and convoys in order to disrupt military operations and cut off lines of communication between Atropian military units. The BFB will use mortars, rockets, IEDs and small arms fire in their attacks. Jozef Shia-Agil is subordinate to Erdabil Province BFB Commander Martin Fatemi and Deputy Commander Stanislaw Avarigan.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade in Vetlia Province is likely planning to attack Atropian and U.S. military targets in the near future. BFB member Kevin Fazal-Mahmood provided a list of military targets in Vetlia Province, that he had observed over the past two weeks, to BFB Commander Rasmus Dalvand. Dalvand met with the senior BFB commanders Filip Fasihuddin and Marek Zanajani, in Vetlia Province to plan out which targets should be attacked and how to attack them. The commanders wanted to wait for the arrival of artillery from Hachzi Province before trying to carry out a large attack against military targets.   It is unknown what type of targets were on the list, or where the targets are located. Kevin Fazal-Mahmood, who is directly subordinate to Rasmus Dalvand, had worked with Ondrej Andoni, a member of Marek Zanjani's team, to gather information on the targets. The location of the meeting where these discussions took place is also unknown, although it likely occurred in Vetlia Province. 
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) operations officers are meeting in an unknown location within Erdabil Province in order to coordinate upcoming attacks throughout Erdabil, Vetlia and Hachzi Provinces. Scheduled to attend the meeting are BFB operations officers from each province including Jozef Shia-Agil, BFB operations officer in Erdabil Province, Krzystof Iqbal, BFB operations officer in Vetlia Province, and Tariq Kocsis, BFB operations officer in Hachzi Province. The operations officers are planning to discuss the distribution and allocation of personnel, weapons and logistical material throughout the region in addition to the priority of certain Atropian military targets.  The operations officers are directly subordinate to the BFB commander for each province. Jozef Shia-Agil is subordinate to Commander of Erdabil Province, Martin Fatemi, Krzystof Iqbal is subordinate to Commander of Vetlia Province, Rasmus Dalvand, and Tariq Kocsis is subordinate to Commander of Hachzi Province, Naeem Meszaros.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade Commander Raheem Szabo ordered Muhannad Cerny to send a team to conduct reconaissance on an intersection 10 km north of Quba near //MGRS: 39TTF8539289037//. Szabo is planning an attack on Atropian and U.S. Forces, and wants to know how often they pass through the intersection. Cerny sent BFB member Raheem Kask to lead the reconnaisance team with two other unidentified individuals. They are to report back in two days on the activity observed at the intersection. Szabo plans to employ improvised explosive devices or ambushes against the military forces that pass through the intersection.  Raheem Szabo is subordinate to Qutaybah Kis, a senior commander in Hachzi Province. Muhannad Cerny leads a small team that is responsible for IED emplacement and ambushes on Atropian and U.S. Forces.
Two Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade commanders travelled to Donovia to coordinate activities with Donovian military leaders. Hachzi Province senior BFB commanders Qutaybah Kis and Mutee Fodor were ordered to meet with the Donovian military leaders to coordinate activities if Donovia invades Atropia, and secure additional military equipment and supplies.  In addition to Kis and Fodor, Abaan Koppel, Kis's personal security guard, and Abaan Gal, subordinate to Fodor, travelled with the group to Donovia. Gal conducts propaganda campaigns against the Atropian government, and made the trip to Donovia to work on anti-Atropian and pro-Donovian messages to be put out in northern Atropia.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) are increasing their information campaigns to discredit the Atropian Government and the U.S. presence in the region. The BFB spokesman for Vetlia Province, Atropia, Kevin Kardar, issued a statement to the Atropian press in which he denounced the U.S. occupation of Atropia and intervention in Atropian politics. In the statement, Kardar referred to the U.S. as an imperialist nation trying to gain power around the world for their own prosperity. Kardar vowed that the BFB will expel the invading forces through any means necessary, and called for all men to come fight for the BFB.  Kevin Kardar is a senior member of the BFB, and speaks for the BFB Commander in Vetlia Province, Rasmus Dalvand. Kardar is directly subordinate to Dalvand.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) separatists attacked an office complex belonging to the Atropian Government a day ago. The attack occurred at 1320 local time on a government owned complex in Goycay //MGRS: 38TQL3198403793//, Vetlia Province, Atropia which includes a Ministry of Interior office and several non-governmental organization (NGO) offices. BFB Commander Jan Sadiqi led the attack with a team of at least five other BFB members. BFB Member Jan Hassan is believed to have observed the building during different times of the day  to determine when they could attack and cause the most casualties.   The BFB members pulled up to the front of a building in  a dark colored van. Five attackers exited the van and began firing towards the building with small arms and rocket propelled grenades (RPG). At least two RPGs hit the front of the building, and another hit the steps leading up to the entrance. A total of eight civilians were killed in the attack, and 13 others were wounded. The attack lasted about three minutes before the BFB members returned to the van and fled the area.
Two Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) commanders travelled from Erdabil Province in northern Atropia to Donovia in order to coordinate activities with Donovian military leaders. Erdabil Province senior BFB commanders Tomasz Iravan-Bin-Mahmood and Adam Rafigdoost were ordered to meet with the Donovian military leaders to coordinate activities if Donovia invades Atropia, and secure additional military equipment and supplies. Tomasz Iravan-Bin-Mahmood and Adam Rafigdoost are subordinate to Erdabil Province BFB Commander Martin Fatemi and Deputy Commander Stanislaw Avarigan.
Al Iksir Cartel members have arranged to use Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) safehouses along MSR Seattle in Hachzi Province, Atropia. Al Iksir uses MSR Seattle to facillitate drug, weapons and human trafficking from Donovia to Baku, Atropia. Once the blackmarket goods arrive in Baku, whatever is not sold is loaded onto ships and taken to other markets along the Caspian Sea.   BFB member Dhul Parn has arranged for safehouses to be used by Al Iksir in exchange for weapons shipments at a discounted price. BFB member Jihad Kukk works with Al Iksir to provide safe passage to and from the safehouses. The safehouses are located along MSR Seattle, but the exact location is unknown.  Dhul Parn and Jihad Kukk are both subordinate to BFB sub-commander Tawaab Pokorny. Pokorny leads a team of insurgents who are responsible for attacks on platoon and squad size elements of Atropian soldiers. In addition, Pokorny's team operates safehouses and facilitates weapons shipments for the BFB in eastern Hachzi Province.
On Friday, Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade spokesman, Majd Sepp, made an appearance on an Atropian television news broadcast demanding the immediate withdrawl of Atropian and U.S. military forces from northern Atropia. In his speech, Sepp called for the secession of three northern Atropia provinces, Hachzi, Erdabil, and Vetlia, and called on citizens of these provinces to resist the Atropian government.  Sepp stated that "President Ismailov and the corrupt Atropian regime have carried out a campaign of intimidation and exclusion against minorities, especially the Bilasuvars in northern Atropia. It is time for all northern Atropians to join with the Bilasuvars and resist the Atropian government and those that support them. Failure to resist means that you are complicit with the aims of the Atropians."  The BFB is attempting to secure increased financial and military aid from Donovia, but needs to show progress in their fight against the Atropian government before Donovia will fully support their effort. Naeem Meszaros, the BFB commander for Hachzi Province, likely ordered Sepp to make this speech as a show of strength and to try to increase recruiting in Hachzi Province.
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) Commander for Hachzi Province, Naeem Meszaros, has ordered his subordinate commanders to carry out attacks on Atropian government and military targets. Maysarah Meszaros, Naeem Meszaros' cousin, provided a  list of targets to senior BFB commanders Qutaybah Kis and Mutee Fodor. The BFB are moving away from attacking soft targets such as NGO convoys, aid stations, and pro-Atropian businesses. and are focusing attacks on government buildings and military personnel and bases.  With increased backing of Donovia, the BFB are able to carry out attacks against more high value targets in northern Atropia. Donovia has increased the supply of weapons, ammunition, and finances that it provides to the BFB in return for cooperation with Donovian military objectives.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) began broadcasting a radio message denouncing the Atropian Government and the U.S. Military Forces in northern Atropia. The speaker, identified as BFB member Matej Dihmubidi, called upon the Bilasuvar people to overthrow the illegitimate Atropian regime by any means necessary, and expel the invading American Forces. Dihmubidi also said that anyone that does not support the Bilasuvars should leave the region or they will become targets because of their support to the Atropian Government. This message was the beginning of a planned information operation campaign in Oguz //MGRS: 38TQL0605144039// aimed at recruiting fighters for the BFB and getting public support for BFB's attacks on government and non-Bilasuvar targets.
Donovian Special Purpose Forces (SPF) sent a five-man team of reconaissance specialists into Erdabil Province in northern Atropia in order to scout ideal artillery targets for use during impending Donovian military action in Atropia. Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) Sub-Commander Petris Arif was tasked to send a team member to assist the Donovian SPF recon team in navigating around Erdabil Province and finding prime artillery targets. Piotr Sajjad will assist the Donovian SPF while they perform reconnaisance of military targets. The Donovian SPF team will bed down in a safe house operated by BFB member Haady Szabo.
The Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) are planning to plant improvised explosive devices (IED) along ASR Utah in Hachzi Province. At a recent meeting of BFB commanders in Qusar //MGRS: 39TTF8566489338//, Hachzi Province, Mutazz Luik provided information that Atropian and U.S. forces are using ASR Utah to access MSR Seattle, and that the mountains would provide a good area to conduct IED attacks and ambushes. Members of the BFB have received training in how to use and emplace explosives from Donovian Special Purpose Forces (SPF), and have received additional training on constructing IEDs at training camps throughout northern Donovia.  Mutazz Luik is a member of a BFB cell commanded by Qudoos Prochazka. Prochazka also attended the meeting along with BFB sub-commanders including: Usaamah Takacs and Tawaab Pokorny
Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) spokesman Majd Sepp released a statement after a barrage of Donovian artillery fire hit targets around the city of Quba //MGRS: 39TTF9314882890//, Hachzi Province, Atropia. The statement praised the efforts of the Donovian military in expelling Atropian and foreign military forces from the city of Quba, and warned that more attacks from Donovia and the BFB were imminent if Atropia did not cede power in Hachzi Province to the BFB. The BFB have been working more closely with conventional Donovian military forces, and will likely assist them in the course of an invasion.   The BFB have gained the support of the Donovian Government, and coordinate military activities with them. The Donovian Government is attempting to exert more influence in the region, and see an alliance with the BFB as politically and economically advanatageous.
Erdabil Province Bilasuvar Freedom Brigade (BFB) spokesman Isaam Simon released a statement after a barrage of Donovian artillery fire hit targets around the city of Duztahir //MGRS: 39TTF6207587722//, Erdabil Province, Atropia. The statement praised the efforts of the Donovian military in expelling Atropian and foreign military forces from the city of Vartashen, and warned that more attacks from Donovia and the BFB were imminent if Atropia did not give up power in Erdabil Province to the BFB. The BFB have been working more closely with conventional Donovian military forces, and will likely assist them in the course of an invasion.
On 21 February, BFB commanders met at an unknown location in the vicinity of Oghuz, //MGRSCOORD: 38TQL070498//, in Vetlia Province, Atropia. The purpose of the meeting was to plan attack operations aimed at unspecified Atropian targets. The commanders discussed weapon acquisition details and planned attacks on Atropian targets. The attacks will target Government facilities and non-Bilasuvar civilian gatherings using improvised explosive devices (IED), NFI. 
Lukas Asif, the Vetlia Province Deputy BFB Commander, Filip Fasihuddin, a senior BFB commander, and Marek Zanjani, a senior BF commander, attended the meeting. These commanders decided that improvised explosive devices (IED) would create the most panic and would allow the attacks to be carried out without having a large number of BFB fighters present. 
On 24 February, Fasihuddin conducted a follow-on meeting with Krzystof Iqbal and Ondrej Fatemi, at a BFB safehouse located in the vicinity of Gebele, //MGRSCOORD: 38TQL407427//, Vetlia Province, Atropia. Iqbal, a senior BFB member responsible for operational planning, assured the commanders that he could acquire the components necessary to build the requested IEDs. Fatemi, a BFB member responsible for transporting supplies from Donovia, provided an update on a shipment of rifles and ammunition scheduled for delivery within the week. The arms shipment was in route from a weapons dealer in Donovia, and being transported to an unidentified safe house in northern Vetlia Province, NFI.  

