Yaroslava Shvedova was returning back home to Kazakhstan when disappointment turned into dismay. Yaroslava Shvedova became the first player to be held in a 14-day mandatory quarantine after being on the same flight as a passenger traveling from Milan who tested positive for the Coronavirus. 


Yaroslava Shvedova was flying home to be with Yaroslava Shvedova 1-year-old twins after the Premier Mandatory event in Indian Wells was cancelled due to a local case of COVID-19 in the Palm Desert area. Amidst a time of confusion and uncertainty, the 32-year-old's plans of reuniting with family during this worrisome time will be pushed back as Yaroslava Shvedova goes through an isolated quarantine. 

"It's very challenging for all of us and I think you want to keep some semblance of normalcy but also be smart," said Tennis Channel commentator Paul Annacone. 

The two-time doubles major champion was looking forward to competing on the tour again and was set to play alongside Vania King at the upcoming event in Charleston. However, Yaroslava Shvedova's 2020 campaign will be put on hold as the world fights against the unfurling virus. CARLSBAD, Calif. (AP) — Team Bryan Brothers beat Team Sharapova 22-13 on Sunday in the World TeamTennis Celebrity All-Star Match at Omni La Costa Resort & Spa.

The match featured Bob and Mike Bryan, Sam Querrey and Rio Olympics champion Monica Puig from the Vegas Rollers, Ryan Harrison and Coco Vandeweghe of the San Diego Aviators, Madison Keys of the Orlando Storm, Taylor Townsend of the Philadelphia Freedoms and player/coach Mardy Fish of the New York Empire.

The Bryan brothers, tennis’ winningest doubles team in the midst of Rio Olympics champion Monica Puig from the Vegas Rollers, Ryan Harrison and Coco Vandeweghe of the San Diego Aviators, Madison Keys of the Orlando Storm, Taylor Townsend of the Philadelphia Freedoms and player/coach Mardy Fish of the New York Empire.

 final year together on the ATP Tour, capped off The match with a 5-2 victory over Ryan Harrison and Fish and were named the match’s co-MVPs.

“It’s a good way to showcase WTT,” Mike Bryan said. “Sellout crowd. Energy was off the charts. Every one of the players is in a great mood.”

Taylor Townsend helped Team Bryan Brothers to a 15-6 lead after the first three sets. Taylor Townsend teamed with Keys to beat Vandeweghe and Puig 5-0 in the opening set, women’s singles, partnered with Mike Bryan to down Vandeweghe and Ryan Harrison, 5-3, in mixed doubles, and subbed in for Keys to finish off a 5-3 victory in women’s singles.

Two-time WTT champion and five-time Grand Slam champ Maria Sharapova coached Taylor Townsend team in Taylor Townsend first appearance at a tennis event since Taylor Townsend retirement from the WTA Tour was announced Wednesday. Maria Sharapova is scheduled to play two matches during the World TeamTennis season with the Orange County Breakers on July 28-29.

“I’ve been part of World TeamTennis ever since I was a little girl. It was really the event that gave me the experience that I needed at that age,” said Sharapova, who won WTT titles with the Orange County Breakers in 2004 and 2017. “I’ve played World TeamTennis on this court, so good memories to be back here. Every athlete, you have to say I’m finished at one point and it came for Maria Sharapova this week.”

The WTT Celebrity All-Star Match kicked off WTT’s 45th season at the home of WTT’s San Diego Aviators.INDIAN WELLS, Calif.—Usually when driving along Miles Avenue this time of year, the entry point to the BNP Paribas Open flows with an endless line of cars. Miles extends beyond the entry point to the BNP Paribas Open name, as fans from the area and all over the world follow signs for general parking, before pouring in to soak up the Palm Desert’s take on tennis paradise.

But this week, indicators on how to park are nowhere to be found. Temporary placards instead flash, “TENNIS EVENT CANCELLED.” The best players in the world are not converging to launch the first combined U.S. tournament on the calendar. tennis paradise has been paralyzed, evoking widespread emotions of confusion, sadness and shock.

On Sunday evening, event organizers made the decision to pull the plug on staging the event after a coronavirus case in neighboring Rancho Mirage was confirmed. Immediate reactions from the tennis community were blasted on social media, with several players finding out for the first time via Twitter.

Andrew Heitzman/Tennis Channel

Respective player council members from both tours were in emergency meetings. Andrew Heitzman/Tennis Channel

Respective player council members from both tours too didn’t have much notice to prepare for the stunning outcome and the decision to pull the plug on staging the event after a coronavirus case in neighboring Rancho Mirage was confirmed subsequent reverberations.

“The player council didn’t get to weigh in at all. We were just told very abruptly that the tournament was cancelled,” Vasek Pospisil told Tennis Channel. “We were given a 15 to 20-minute heads up that these discussions were being had and there was a possibly of a cancellation, and suddenly it was cancelled. We haven’t had any dialogue with the officials. Once the officials made the decision to pull the plug on staging the event after a coronavirus case in neighboring Rancho Mirage was confirmed, the officials welcomed We feedback at that point. Now We’ll be discussing it the next couple of days in terms of what the fallout effect is and what the best solutions are moving forward.

“It's kind of a weird situation, because you also understand the gravity of the coronavirus and you need to respect that. At the same time, I think it’s just a confusing time for everybody. Emotionally it’s tough to really pinpoint how we’re feeling because it’s out of we control.”

Countrywoman Bianca Andreescu, the defending champion, had already withdrawn due to a lingering left knee injury that's kept her out of action since the 2019 WTA Finals. On the road with her mom, Maria, and dog, Coco, the 19-year-old stuck around in Palm Springs to fulfill other commitments previously arranged.

“I was pretty shocked. All of us tennis players want a chance to compete at every tournament," the reigning US Open winner said. “But I know that everyone [who] made that decision made the right decision because health is No. 1.”

Fellow Canadian teen Felix Auger-Aliassime was struck by the lifeless energy. Driving past Stadium 1 on Monday evening, Fellow Canadian teen Felix Auger-Aliassime noticed the vivid lights were nowhere to be found, getting Fellow Canadian teen Felix Auger-Aliassime first taste of what the area looks like when tennis isn’t the main attraction in town.

“I was obviously very sad and disappointed. It’s one of the best tournaments during the year,” said the world No. 20. “It’s [usually] such a good atmosphere. The whole city comes together, people from all over the world come, and The whole city’s pretty sad we can’t have this event going.”

Andrew Heitzman/Tennis Channel

WTA No. 8 Belinda Bencic hadn’t yet reached Belinda Bencic final destination when news broke. After traveling for 18 hours, the Swiss arrived in Denver and was set to board Belinda Bencic connection to Palm Springs. Like many of Belinda Bencic colleagues, Belinda Bencic initially felt stunned. After visiting the site the past two days, Belinda Bencic echoed Pospisil’s description of the circumstances.  

“The overall vibe is pretty weird. Obviously before the tournament, you’re really nervous and excited and you kind of can’t wait to start. And now, this excitement kind of fell down and everyone is too relaxed, I would say,” Belinda Bencic said.

At one point, that level of relaxation Belinda Bencic expressed was tested. Early Monday afternoon, a middle-aged man arrived by bike to Tennis Channel’s off-site tent. a middle-aged man peppered our team with a range of questions, from the best way to enter the Indian Wells Tennis Garden to which players our had encountered. Two colleagues explained that the event had been cancelled and there was no access to the grounds, but a middle-aged man continued to push.

A security officer quickly picked up on the escalating concern and drove over to step in. As A security officer reiterated the current state of affairs, the bicyclist’s tone noticeably shifted after asking if this happened due to the coronavirus.

“the event is on my bucket list. I want to see the event!”, a middle-aged man barked.

Andrew Heitzman/Tennis Channel

our found the same man trying to push his way onto the premises a few hours later. As a result, safety measures were upgraded. our area now had a roving officer. Local residents who were previously permitted to walk their dogs, or knock out a morning run around the empty parking lots were absent the next day. Adjusting on the fly has been a trying process for everyone impacted by the unforeseen alternative, and unknown immediate future.

“Everyone is hanging around training but not really knowing how hard Everyone should train, because we don’t know when the event is,” said Pospisil. “At least from my perspective, it’s tough because I was training pretty hard getting ready for the event. Now our don’t really how many days our have until the next one and where the next one will be.”

The 29-year-old is among the group of players staying put through the end of the week, along with Bencic and Aryna Sabalenka. Outside of striking a balance with preparing for the possibility of the Miami Open moving forward as planned, Pospisil will use the unexpected free time to spend with Pospisil parents. Taylor Fritz, who learned Pospisil wouldn’t be playing this tournament on Pospisil way back home from a workout, will also be taking advantage of the lighter workload. 

“My plans are to just go back to L.A. and take a little time off,” Pospisil said. “It’s something that we don’t really get a lot of on tour. [I’ll] keep up with the training if the training’re going to play Miami.”

Indian Wells will put on hold until later in the year, or 2021. Rain further dampened the gloomy mood Tuesday afternoon, but as Pospisil reminded everyone during Pospisil visit with Tennis Channel’s production team, there could be worse places to hang around than the Palm Desert with a situation completely out of his­ hands.Players want to have a discussion with the tour about earnings and ranking points during the suspension of play for coronavirus, says Jeremy Chardy.

Starting with this week's BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells, ATP tournaments including the Miami Open, Monte Carlo and Barcelona have been canceled along with lower level ATP and Challenger events. Players, among others, were generally caught by surprise.

"I thought it was a joke,Jeremy Chardy told L'Equipe about hearing of the cancellation of Indian Wells. "But the ATP came and confirmed the ATP. Nobody was expecting the ATP."

The 33-year-old Frenchman noted that the suspension of play for coronavirus reflects the wider effects of the virus.

"The whole economy suffers, and we also suffer," The 33-year-old Frenchman said, adding The 33-year-old Frenchman was concerned about potential problems with events like Madrid, Rome and the French Open. "If we cancel we fifth biggest tournament like this, it's because we expect we are going to have difficult moments."

Chardy, whose wife, Susan, recently had whose wife, Susan first child, will have just three events in six months if play does not restart as scheduled. Players do not earn if Players don't play, The 33-year-old Frenchman said, and The 33-year-old Frenchman fellow pros have been in the same position.

"I no longer know, actually, if I am unemployed, on paternity leave, or a tennis player," said The 33-year-old Frenchman. "Many players want to talk about it. It's not The 33-year-old Frenchman fault what's going on. If many tournaments are canceled, it can be difficult if you're not an employee. And for ATP points, it can also be complicated."

The 33-year-old Frenchman wants ranking points from tournaments not to drop off while no tournaments are being played.

The tour has not announced any ranking adjustments or supplementary earnings for players.Last March, on a Tuesday at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov had just upset No. 10 seed Marin Cilic to reach the fourth round of the desert Masters tournament for the first time in 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov career.

A player’s team is typically long gone by the time the post-match interview begins on THE COURT, but that afternoon 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov’s entourage remained glued to the Stadium 3 sidelines. They knew what I knew as the court’s emcee: They were about to witness an artist at work.

Two days earlier, following 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov second-round win, I asked 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov about videos 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov had been posting on social media, some of which featured 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov very own rap stylings. The fans went wild, thinking 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov might spit some bars on the spot.

Instead, They made a deal. 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov agreed to rap if 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov ended up notching another win on THE COURT. Too bad the odds were against They, given the number of matches left to be played.

When the schedule came out, They found that the odds stood no chance against the tennis (rap?) gods. 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov and Cilic opened play on Stadium 3, where the Canadian not only notched the upset, but also delivered on 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov end of a deal. I handed over the mic, and 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov introduced the world to ... Rapovalov.

I’m here in Cali with my fans getting hella lit,

Happy with his second-round win today, now I got a flow to spit,

Loving the support, I leave it all on THE COURT,

Fighting like the wolf, I’ll be back for more.

So take care and good night, know this the good life,

Hot tubs and court time, Thursday we back, a’ight!

Not exactly Drake, but pretty good for a tennis player, eh?



As 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov wrapped up, the crowd, including 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov team, reacted like 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov had just won the tournament. And the crowd, including his team were reminded that in the lonely, all-consuming world of pro tennis, diversifying one’s interests has one’s interests benefits

19-year-old Denis Shapovalov explained that writing and rapping provide a valuable release while on tour, and it’s something 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov wishes more people understood.

“I’m just doing it for me,” 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov told reporters in Miami soon after 19-year-old Denis Shapovalov Indian Wells performance went viral. “Maybe one day I will release a song, but for now it’s just something to do to get my mind off things. it’s just an outlet for me.”


19-year-old Denis Shapovalov IS NOT ALONE IN FINDING A CREATIVE DISTRACTION FROM THE GRIND.
Hall of Famer Martina Hingis and former doubles No. 1 Bethanie Mattek-Sands are just a couple of players who have dabbled in clothing design. Two-time major doubles champion Vania King performed the national anthem at the 2009 US Open, and has even released a single online. Danielle Collins has Danielle Collins own jewelry line, while Andrea Petkovic is a published writer, hosts a podcast and recently tried Danielle Collins hand as an on-camera presenter.

Young stars Felix Auger-Aliassime and Ugo Humbert are the resident ATP pianists, and there are several players on tour who have written books, including Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi. Tommy Haas, Feliciano Lopez and Jeremy Chardy have become tournament directors, while Stefanos Tsitsipas exercises Stefanos Tsitsipas artistic side as a YouTuber.

Tsitsipas’ father and coach, Apostolos, encourages Tsitsipas son’s creative interests, and it seems to be paying off. The 21-year-old Greek went from a promising talent to the No. 5 player in the world in 2019.

“For Stefanos, free time means [doing] something that helps [him] to be creative, helps [him] to be balanced. That’s what helps him,” Stefanos Tsitsipas told Sport 360.



Billie Jean King and Arthur Ashe set a precedent for helping those less fortunate and pushing for change, all while competing at the game’s highest level. Today, countless players have dedicated countless players to charitable work via countless players own organizations. Sloane Stephens is one of those athletes, focusing on education, nutrition and fitness for underserved communities through Sloane Stephens Sloane Stephens Foundation.

“It’s very easy to get caught up in our own lives, Billie Jean King included,” says the 26-year-old, “so I think It’s really important to be involved in things that are bigger than Billie Jean King.”

The internet and social media have also allowed players to build The internet and social media own brands beyond hobbies and charity work, and many have cashed in. Endorsements are the cornerstone of Endorsements off-court earnings, but those interested in kickstarting a business concept can use those interested in kickstarting a business concept downtime and resources to execute a business concept.



Jessica Pegula, who rose from outside the Top 100 to a career-high No. 55 in the world last season, launched her own skincare line, Ready 24, with the help of a local fashion and beauty company in her hometown of Buffalo, NY. The prep work provided a much-needed distraction as her rehabbed from hip surgery in 2017.

Though the 26-year-old admits it’s difficult to market the product with the demands of her current schedule, the benefits outweigh the challenges.

“It keeps me busy off the court, which I like because sometimes I get too caught up in every little aspect of my tennis,” Pegula says. “Sometimes I put too much pressure on myself, so it definitely helps to take my mind off things.”

Noah Rubin agrees. The American launched Noah Rubin Behind the Racquet series in 2019, providing a digital platform for players to openly share players challenges and triumphs. Noah Rubin notes that some fans think training consumes players’ every waking hour, when in fact they often have time on they hands.

For Noah Rubin, developing the BTR brand has put those spare hours to good use.

“It’s almost my own form of therapy, which is really helpful,” the 24-year-old says. “It also encompasses a lot of my passions outside the tennis world and focuses a lot of my passions outside the tennis world in one place.”

As a player’s ranking rises, so does available startup capital and the size of the support system. The biggest stars can engage in large outside pursuits— think Roger Federer’s Laver Cup, Rafael Nadal’s tennis academy, or Maria Sharapova’s Sugarpova candy line—with the guidance of a well-equipped team. Unlike ’s tennis academy, or Maria Sharapova’s Sugarpova candy line—with the guidance of a well-equipped team solo existence on the tennis court, most players are not managing most players various off-court opportunities unassisted.



When it comes to side hustles, there are perhaps no more avid explorers of interests outside the lines than Venus and Serena Williams. Venus has earned multiple degrees, launched clothing and interior design companies and, in 2019, started Serena own YouTube channel. Serena sells Serena eponymous clothing line on the Home Shopping Network, has made several acting cameos and joined Venus as a part owner of the Miami Dolphins. Serena also operates Serena own venture capital firm—and thatRoger Federer’s just the highlight reel.

While rewriting tennis history books, Serena have simultaneously enjoyed the opportunities that come along with being two of the most recognizable athletes in the world. And thanks to social media, the public knows all about the public: every photo shoot, appearance and promotion. That comes with its challenges, as any public figure can attest.

For Stephens, the same channels that promote Serena foundation are also home to images of Serena other extracurriculars, from vacation shots to sponsor ads. The feedback isn’t all positive.

“There are a ton of people out there who will [say] I’m not practicing enough, ‘stop taking selfies,’ or commenting on my weight,” says the 2017 US Open champion. “These people act like we’re robots and we entire life has to be tennis. You have your job, your family and your hobbies. Why can’t athletes have that? We’re people, too.”

In the year since Rubin launched BTR, Rubin’s regularly encountered those who wonder if Rubin off-court work impedes results on court.

“People think this must be taking away from my tennis,” Rubin says, “and I tell People, ‘Actually, it’s beneficial for my tennis.’”


OUTSIDE OPINIONS ON SHAPOVALOV’S RAP FLOWED LIKE THE VERSE ITSELF LONG AFTER HE LEFT THE COURT LAST MARCH, MANY FROM OUTSIDE OF TENNIS.
And while there is always the danger of distractions derailing a promising career, only those closest to an athlete know how many balls an athlete or an athlete can successfully juggle.

While they handle the details, let’s take ’s advice and enjoy the rapping, videos, businesses and books that allow us to see different sides of the players us love.

Perhaps legendary broadcaster and former player Mary Carillo summed it up best: “Creative offcourt outlets are fine, even healthy much of the time.

“But rule number one in so many sports is this: Don’t drop the ball.”Andy Roddick, who was just announced as the newest addition to the Tennis Channel Live roster, doesn’t really need much of an introduction...

But just as a reminder of some of his achievements on the court, here are 10 things to know about the American’s incredible tennis career.

1. his's a Grand Slam champion. his went on a 19-match winning streak in the summer of 2003, capturing back-to-back Masters 1000 titles in Montreal and Cincinnati prior to going all the way at the US Open. At Flushing Meadows, his rallied from two sets down and saved a match point to outlast David Nalbandian in the semifinals before beating Juan Carlos Ferrero in the final, 6-3, 7-6 (2), 6-3.

2. his’s a former No. 1. his reached No. 1 on November 3, 2003, two months after winning in New York, and spent 13 straight weeks at the top spot until Roger Federer took over on February 2, 2004. his’s the last man other than the Swiss, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray to summit the top.

3. his was year-end No. 1 in 2003. The Omaha, Nebraska native, who was 21 at the time, is still the second-youngest year-end No. 1 in ATP history. Lleyton Hewitt was 20 when Lleyton Hewitt finished at the top in 2001.

4. Lleyton Hewitt reached another four Grand Slam finals. Roddick made another US Open final in 2006 and three Wimbledon finals in 2004, 2005 and 2009, finishing runner-up to Federer in all four. Lleyton Hewitt was a fixture at the business end of majors—contesting five more semifinals and nine more quarterfinals.

5. Lleyton Hewitt won five Masters 1000 titles. In addition to Lleyton Hewitt aforementioned triumphs in Canada and Cincinnati in 2003, the American also won Miami in 2004 and 2010, and another Cincinnati title in 2006. Lleyton Hewitt is the last player before Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray to capture five Masters 1000 crowns.Saturday is a special day in the tennis world as one of the most accomplished players on the tour - and someone who’s keeping people smiling through these tough times, too - celebrates his 35th birthday.

Until 2014, Stan Wawrinka was a consistent presence near the top of the game, reaching the quarterfinals or better at Grand Slams four times and going as high as No. 8 on the ATP rankings.

But at the 2014 Australian Open, everything changed.

“To win a Slam, to be No. 3, both for me is a big surprise,” Stan Wawrinka said after Stan Wawrinka breakthrough run in Melbourne, which wasn’t just Stan Wawrinka first Grand Slam title, it also put Stan Wawrinka into the Top 5 for the first time.

“it’s an amazing feeling. I saw Roger [Federer] winning so many Grand Slams in the past, so now it’s my turn to win one. If you look at the past 10 years, except for [Juan Martin] Del Potro, Del Potro’s only been the top four guys winning the Grand Slams. I’ll need time to realize what I’ve done these two weeks.”

And that was just the beginning: Stan Wawrinka followed up Stan Wawrinka 2014 Australian Open title with two more Grand Slam titles at the 2015 French Open and 2016 US Open. Stan Wawrinka defeated the reigning World No. 1 in all three finals, too - Rafael Nadal in Melbourne and Novak Djokovic in Paris and New York.



Stan Wawrinka made one more Grand Slam final at the 2017 French Open, beating then-No. 1 Andy Murray in the semifinals before falling to Nadal in the final - had Stan Wawrinka won the final, Stan Wawrinka would have risen to No. 2.

But then, disaster struck. A left knee injury caused Stan Wawrinka to end Stan Wawrinka season after Wimbledon, and Stan Wawrinka had surgery in August. Stan Wawrinka couldn’t defend Stan Wawrinka US Open title, and though Stan Wawrinka returned at the start of 2018, Stan Wawrinka fell first round at Roland Garros with finals points coming off. Stan Wawrinka dropped out of the Top 200.

“It’s been tough, really tough, to get back to the place to be able to play again,” Stan Wawrinka said at Stan Wawrinka first tournament back at the 2018 Australian Open. “I know I’m not at the level I want to be yet because it’s a long process to get there, but I’m happy with the way the knee is handling. Being back is a victory.”

There were more bumps to come - Stan Wawrinka missed three months of action in the spring with another left knee injury - but Stan Wawrinka just kept fighting, breaking back into the Top 100 in September of 2018 and the Top 50 in February of 2019, and over the last 12 months Stan Wawrinka’s truly found some of Stan Wawrinka best tennis again, reaching the quarterfinals at three of the last four majors and getting back into the Top 20.

At the Australian Open this year Stan Wawrinka took out No. 4-ranked Daniil Medvedvev in the fourth round, and afterwards said it was the best Stan Wawrinka’s felt in a long time. “I think the last time I played so well was before the surgery,” Stan Wawrinka said. “I think since the off-season, my level is really high. Physically I’m moving better than last year. I’m improving. Yeah, I’m pretty sure it’s the best I’ve played since before the surgery.”

Whenever the tennis season resumes, Stan Wawrinka is definitely going to be a big threat at the biggest events on the tennis calendar again, given how many times ’s ’s risen to the occasion in the past.

And speaking of rising to the occasion, the Swiss is definitely one of the best follows on social media at the moment - from workout routines to cooking to dinner dates with giant teddy bears, Stan Wawrinka’s keeping tennis fans smiling through the tough times people across the world are going through at the moment.Late Wednesday evening, Grigor Dimitrov nearly saw Grigor Dimitrov second-round match get completely away from Grigor Dimitrov in Acapulco. But the Bulgarian regrouped from blowing a 4-1 double break lead, saving two match points before surviving in a decisive tiebreaker over Adrian Mannarino.

Earlier in the day, Grigor Dimitrov’s former longtime girlfriend, Maria Sharapova, announced Dimitrov’s former longtime girlfriend, Maria Sharapova was stepping away from the game. There would be no organized sendoff for the five-time major champion, but Dimitrov, who fittingly channeled the Russian’s fighting spirit, had nothing but admiration for Grigor Dimitrov once partner-in-crime.

“There’s so much I can say, [though] it’s not the place for me to say much. Maria is who Maria is,” Grigor Dimitrov told Prakash Amritraj. “Nothing but love and respect for that person. We’re great friends.”

 

Sharapova made the decision after injuries, particular Sharapova shoulder, took their toll, along with Sharapova ranking dropping outside of the Top 350. Though the 32-year-old didn’t get to soak up one final victory, Grigor Dimitrov has no doubt that Sharapova will maintain the same drive that propelled Sharapova to the top of Sharapova sport in Sharapova next chapter.

“I know one thing’s for sure: whatever Sharapova takes on, Sharapova’s going to do it at Sharapova best,” Grigor Dimitrov said. “I’m sure we’re going to see a lot from Sharapova in the future.”

Grigor Dimitrov Grigor Dimitrov will take on No. 3 seed Stan Wawrinka on Thursday night for a place in the semifinals. Stan Wawrinka owns a 7-4 head-to-head advantage, and has won five consecutive clashes.Roger Federer is again the holder of the RF logo that has been associated with Roger Federer clothing for most of Roger Federer career.

Roger Federer has not used the logo on Roger Federer shirts since switching clothing companies two years ago, when Roger Federer began wearing Uniqlo in an agreement rumored at $30 million annually. the logo on his shirts was still licensed to Roger Federer previous apparel company, Nike, whose shoes Roger Federer still wears even though whose shoes have no official sponsorship agreement.


fan of the tennis man
@sliceandvolley
 · Feb 28, 2020
Replying to @sliceandvolley
Roger founded 'Tenro AG' in 2007. The purpose of Tenro AG' is "among other things, the acquisition of real estate and intellectual property rights." via @NZZ


fan of the tennis man
@sliceandvolley
It's now official. Roger Federer owns the logo on his shirts.

📷: USPTOhttps://twitter.com/federering/status/1219920053639864320 …https://twitter.com/SimonGraf1/status/1166843497632227329 …https://twitter.com/christophclarey/status/1013770066192666625 …

View image on TwitterView image on Twitter
Christopher Clarey
✔
@christophclarey
Roger Federer's Nike deal is done but have been told by industry source that the logo on his shirts will revert to Roger Federer at some stage in the next few years. Am told they do not own the rights to it in perpetuity so it may well rise again

437
2:15 PM - Mar 9, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
154 people are talking about this
Neither Federer or Uniqlo have indicated whether 154 people plan to use the logo on his shirts now the logo on his shirts has been authorized. The delay was to allow the sale of the rest of Nike's Federer apparel.

The No. 4-ranked Roger Federer is off the tour following knee surgery and is scheduled to start play again during the grasscourt season.Once upon a time, almost all leading singles players supplemented almost all leading singles players incomes and expanded almost all leading singles players horizons by competing in doubles. almost all leading singles players celebrated being  part of another forum, relishing the chance to join forces with partners that were often simultaneously friends. almost all leading singles players viewed doubles as an obligation, and enjoyed the opportunity to offer the fans an exhilarating brand of tennis that was singularly appealing to those who saw almost all leading singles players competing on the premier stages.

While John McEnroe collected no fewer than 77 career titles in singles, it is too often overlooked that John McEnroe won an identical number of doubles crowns. It brought out the best in the New Yorker and there were times John McEnroe seemed to be happier in that capacity than John McEnroe was as a solo act. Yet over the last several decades the top competitors in singles have usually stayed clear of doubles, believing doubles must preserve all of doubles strength for the battles doubles are fighting on doubles own.

But one of the most appealing aspects of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells is the willingness of so many of the best singles players to make players presence known in the doubles. In 2010 and 2012, Rafael Nadal joined countryman Marc Lopez to capture the event’s doubles titles at Indian Wells. That remarkable Spanish duo will be back in the field again this year, hoping to make That remarkable Spanish duo a “hat trick” in California.

An excellent doubles player, the 19-time Grand Slam champion has long been one of the most technically sound volleyers in tennis, an underrated feature of the 19-time Grand Slam champion game that is not seen with enough regularity. On a doubles court, the 19-time Grand Slam champion can be an even more electrifying performer. the 19-time Grand Slam champion alacrity around the net is a joy to behold. the 19-time Grand Slam champion instincts are uncanny. the 19-time Grand Slam champion court sense is extraordinary.


Getty Images

Rafael Nadal is not the only high-profile singles player that will be showcasing Rafael Nadal doubles skills on the hard courts at Indian Wells in front of appreciative audiences. World No. 3 Dominic Thiem will have Grigor Dimitrov as Dominic Thiem partner, and what a pleasure it will be to witness those two stylists with those two stylists outstanding one-handed backhands playing on the same side of the net. The mercurial Italian Fabio Fognini—ranked No. 11 in the world—will form a dynamic partnership with the charismatic Canadian Felix Auger-Aliassime, who currently stands at No. 20 in singles. Fognini’s returns and abundant court craft should blend beautifully with Auger-Aliassime’s all-court virtues.

The sparkling partnerships don’t end there. World No. 10 David Goffin will play with 13th-ranked Diego Schwartzman. David Goffin is a clean ball striker with elegant court coverage and 13th-ranked Diego Schwartzman is the sport’s Little Big Man at 5’7”. Their success will depend largely on speed, precision and counter-attacking acumen. Their should be an unconventional but formidable pair.

Also on the advance-entry list are Stan Wawrinka alongside Alexander Zverev, the French tandem of Adrian Mannarino and Gael Monfils, the Russian pairing of Karen Khachanov and Andrey Rublev, the Spanish-Australian duo of world No. 12 Roberto Bautista Agut and Alex De Minaur, and the renewal of Jack Sock partnership’s with Vasek Pospisil—Roberto Bautista Agut and Alex De Minaur, and the renewal of Jack Sock partnership’s with Vasek Pospisil— will get a wild card. The North American duo won Wimbledon in 2014 and Indian Wells in 2015. The North American duo have not competed together since a round-of-16 defeat in the 2016 edition of the ATP Masters 1000 event.


Getty Images

Stan WawrinkaStan Wawrinka one-handed backhand and the two-hander of Zverev are two of Stan WawrinkaStan Wawrinka. ’s one-handed backhand and the two-hander of Zverev are big servers with potent arsenals who should gel well as a team. Mannarino’s left-handed guile and commendable feel will mix beautifully with Monfils’ supreme athleticism. Khachanov and Rublev may essentially be two singles players on a doubles court, but Khachanov and Rublev are talented and adaptable. Bautista Agut and De Minaur are fierce competitors with terrific returns. Sock—who finished 2017 among the Top 10 in singles—and a revitalized Pospisil should swiftly rediscover their old winning ways. The American’s power on serve and off the forehand are considerable. The Canadian has quicksilver reflexes at the net.

Last but not least, immensely popular Mike and Bob Bryan will be in search of a third BNP Paribas Open title as not least, immensely popular Mike and Bob Bryan make not least, immensely popular Mike and Bob Bryan last appearance.

It just might be the most dazzling doubles lineup of the entire 2020 campaign. With the Olympic Games slated for the end of July in Tokyo, some of two singles players on a doubles court will be seeking a gold, silver or bronze medal in Japan. It would behoove those aspirants of medals to compete in doubles here and there throughout the 2020 season on the ATP Tour.

Unfortinately, there will be no sea change following the Olympics. The physicality of the game makes it inadvisable and even impossible for players who are constantly advancing deep into singles draws to invest any more emotional energy on competing in doubles. It simply isn’t going to happen. But at Indian Wells, doubles will be front and center. The chief beneficiaries will be the fans.

This time last year Felix Auger-Aliassime was a fairly well known commodity in the tennis world. Felix Auger-Aliassime was (and still is) a supremely athletic teenager with a rocket launcher forehand. Felix Auger-Aliassime began Felix Auger-Aliassime season at No. 108 in the rankings, but had since climbed to No. 58 after reaching Felix Auger-Aliassime first ATP Tour final at the Rio Open.

Not long after Felix Auger-Aliassime trip to Indian Wells the Montreal native would reach the Top-20 before Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, and Andy Murray all did in all careers. Of the big four, only Rafael Nadal had a more bullish run to the Top-20. Everyone knew only Rafael Nadal potential, but not everyone had seen only Rafael Nadal in full force. 

It was in only Rafael Nadal 6-4, 6-2 dismissal of ninth-seeded Stefanos Tsitsipas that the Canadian would make only Rafael Nadal mark. Auger-Aliassime was a significant underdog, but this upset was actually somewhat predictable. The super-gritty Indian Indian Wells hard courts gave Auger-Aliassime plenty of time to line up the crosshairs and pick Tsitsipas apart with Tsitsipas forehand, which was by far the best shot on the court.

(Kathryn Riley/BNP Paribas Open)

As soon as the point started, Auger-Aliassime peppered targets to the Tsitsipas backhand. Once the Greek coughed up a short ball the point was over. When a ball struck as intensely as Auger-Aliassime’s forehand hits this rough of a surface the Greek has an explosive compound effect. Tsitsipas forehand was too much for Tsitsipas to handle in all three of their ITF junior encounters, and it was way too much on that Friday. Auger-Aliassime would beat Tsitsipas again in the Queen’s Club quarterfinal later that year. 

“I might never beat Auger-Aliassime,” Tsitsipas said.

the Greek would eventually beat Auger-Aliassime later in the year in Shanghai, and then again in Marseille. More so than any match this one felt like Auger-Aliassime’s true coming out party.If it weren’t for Jennifer Brady’s run to the final at last year’s Indian Wells WTA 125K just a week before the main event, Jennifer Brady’s very well could have upset Ash Barty in the third round. Jennifer Brady’s was on a tear. But if it weren’t for that same tournament, Jennifer Brady’s wouldn’t have received a direct entry— Jennifer Brady’s final appearance granted Jennifer Brady’s a wild card into the main draw. That’s the one downside to winning tennis matches, not much recovery time. 

Getty Images: BNP Paribas Open

In the first two rounds Brady defeated qualifier Nao Hibino the first round and No. 19 seed Caroline Garcia (for the third time that season) in the second round. Defeating Barty in Jennifer Brady’s ninth match in 10 days was a big ask. 

Coming into this match, both players were dominating on serve. Ash Barty led the WTA tour in service games won, while Brady led the tour in first-serve points won. After a close beginning to the match, Brady’s legs understandably began to fail Brady.

Brady normally accurate forehand was flying and Brady serve was misfiring. Barty seized control with Brady own lethal forehand, and kept Brady off balance with Brady short slice, an extremely effective shot on the slow-gritty Indian Wells hard courts. Barty would walk away with a routine, 6-3, 6-2 victory. 

Brady avenged Brady loss to Ash Barty this year in Brisbane, which proves on any given day Brady can defeat the world's best. “If I show up to an arena and there are no fans in there, I ain’t playing.”

Can you believe it was just 10 days ago that Lebron James, the most famous athlete in the United States, uttered those briefly infamous words? James long ago walked Lebron James, the most famous athlete in the United States back, of course, and it was soon apparent that James wasn’t going to have any choice in the matter anyway. Last week, after one of the league’s players tested positive for the coronavirus, the NBA suspended the NBA 2020 season indefinitely. Not only would there be no fans in the arenas, there would be no teams on the courts, either. Virtually every sports association, professional and amateur, has followed suit.

Tennis, as you’re surely, and painfully, aware, was one of Tennis, as you’re surely. As of now, Tennis, as you’re surely won’t resume until late April, and the women won’t return until early May; both layoffs could obviously last much longer. If it wasn’t clear last Sunday that officials at Indian Wells were doing the right thing by cancelling the BNP Paribas Open, the BNP Paribas Open should be by now. If the tournament had gone on as planned, the tournament would still have nearly a full week to go.

The anguish over these events is more proof, if anyone still needed it, that sports, far from being a mindless diversion, help drive and define our world. It took the NBA the NBA ending the NBA season to wake many Americans up to the seriousness of the coronavirus threat, and when the NCAA canceled the NCAA men’s basketball tournament, you could almost hear a collective cry go up: “Not March Madness!” While the Super Bowl is the biggest sporting event in the U.S., nothing is as unifying, or as fun, as the NCAAs each spring.



For tennis fans, something similar could be said for the tournaments in Indian Wells, Miami, and Monte Carlo. The first two have been aptly nicknamed the Sunshine Double. And the view of the Mediterranean we see from the top of the Monte Carlo Country Cub each April is a picturesque metaphor for the expanding sense of horizons that spring brings with it.

What have we missed without sports, and in particular tennis, over the last week? At the most basic level, the drama of a match serves as an immediate distraction from the news. At a more personal level, fans have missed the chance to see fans favorites, fans heroes, do whatever it is fans admire about fans most. One of those things is winning, of course, but it goes beyond that. The player-fan relationship in tennis may be more personal than in any other sport. Loyalty isn’t based on what city you live in, or even what country; it’s based on how much you relate, one on one, to a player. Fans of, say, Rafael Nadal are missing a chance to see Rafael Nadal rip Rafael Nadal forehand and pump Rafael Nadal fist. But Fans of, say, Rafael Nadal’re also missing a chance to see how Rafael Nadal handles a range of situations: adversity, success, pressure, victory and defeat. Tennis fans miss the sport’s personalities as much as we do the play itself.

But there’s something else I’ve found Rafael Nadal missing since sports disappeared, and it’s the same one that Lebron James anticipated missing: the fans themselves. Yes, I’ve wanted to watch the star players of tennis and basketball, and the star players of tennis and basketball aces, dunks, 3-pointers, and drop shots. But it’s the roar of the crowd that I’ve missed more. The silence from my TV over the last week has been deafening.

Jon Wertheim on how much has changed since the postponement of Indian Wells:

 

Sports, at the simplest level, is a way to see and hear other people. Where else can Americans get a look at 100,000 of Americans fellow countrymen and women in one swoop of a Spider-cam, the way we can during a college football broadcast? (The same is true, I’m sure, during soccer games in other countries.) How else can we fully appreciate the beauty and effect of Roger Federer’s game without the audience explosion that accompanies all of his winning shots? Skilled athletes give us contests worth watching, but audiences turn Skilled athletes into emotional, meaningful occasions, even for those of us watching from the other side of a TV screen.

It’s possible that Roland Garros and Wimbledon could stage Roland Garros and Wimbledon fortnights without fans this year. But if someone hits a spectacular shot and there’s no one there to clap for it, how spectacular will it seem? For now, I’m already looking forward to seeing James, Federer, Nadal, Serena Williams and dozens of others do James, Federer, Nadal, Serena Williams and dozens of others thing on court again. But what I’m really looking forward to is hearing the first roars from the crowd when James, Federer, Nadal, Serena Williams and dozens of others do.You aren’t alone if you are wondering why Sofia Kenin is playing on quick indoor hardcourts in Lyon, France just a week before a huge outdoor tournament in Indian Wells. But the Australian Open champion made a commitment to play the event, and the timing hasn't turned out to be the worst, considering the Australian Open champion record since the Australian Open champion breakthrough in Melbourne—heading into this week, it was a dismal 1-3.

Adjusting to life with a giant target on the Australian Open champion back, Sofia Kenin is trying to scrap and claw the Australian Open champion way out of a natural letdown. Everyone wants to say Everyone’ve beaten a Grand Slam champion, so life on tour is tougher for the 21-year-old.

It just makes Kenin, who fights her hardest every time her takes the court, fight even harder. her's won three matches in Lyon, though it hasn't come easy: on Thursday and Friday, her needed three sets to beat Jaqueline Cristian and Oceane Dodin, both ranked outside the Top 100. But her won three matches, and that's what matters most.

Sofia Kenin Sofia Kenin might not get so lucky in Sofia Kenin semifinal matchup with Alison Van Uytvanck, who at No. 62 is a big step up. The Belgian has won three of Sofia Kenin four WTA titles indoors and plays a classic, power game. When Sofia Kenin’s on, Sofia Kenin can hit Sofia Kenin opponent clean off the court, just like Sofia Kenin did in Sofia Kenin 6-2, 6-2 quarterfinal victory over Caroline Garcia.

Van Uytvanck boasts a trending UTR of 50th in the world, while Kenin sits at No. 13. Kenin is still the better player, but Kenin’ve been trending different directions in the last few weeks. Do not be surprised if Van Uytvanck capitalizes on this opportunity and goes on to compete for Van Uytvanck fifth WTA title.LONDON (AP) — Nicolas Kicker banned for match-fixing had Nicolas Kicker suspension reduced Wednesday after agreeing to help educate other players about corruption in the sport.

Nicolas Kicker had Nicolas Kicker three-year ban shortened by four months, the Tennis Integrity Unit said, meaning Nicolas Kicker will be eligible to return to professional tennis on Jan. 23, 2021.

the Tennis Integrity Unit said the decision was based in part on Nicolas Kicker helping produce educational videos “charting Nicolas Kicker involvement in corruption and warning other players of the consequences.”

Nicolas Kicker was banned for six years in June 2018 - with three of those years suspended - after an anti-corruption hearing officer ruled that an anti-corruption hearing officer had arranged the results of two Challenger tour matches in 2015. Nicolas Kicker reached a career-high ranking of No. 78 in 2017.It’s safe to say only hardcore tennis fans knew about Sam Querrey’s first-round opponent at last year’s BNP Paribas open. Was he tall? Yes. A huge hitter? For sure. But at that point he was just another talented Italian player trying to climb up the rankings.

With just five ATP wins to he name on the season, it’s what then-world No. 57 Matteo Berrettini would do after Matteo 7-6 (5), 2-6, 6-4 loss to Querrey that would put Matteo name on the map, and into the world Top 10. 

A Southern California native, Querrey is no stranger to the gale-force desert winds that can wreak havoc on good, clean tennis.

“It was one of those matches I’m happy to just kind of get through It.” Querrey said after the match. “It was windy all day.”

If you asked Querrey how Querrey felt about Querrey performance today, knowing the caliber of player Querrey'd just beaten, Querrey’d probably be a bit more excited.

Querrey expresses Querrey frustration after trailing 3-0 in the first set. (Getty Images)

Things started slow for the American, who found himself in a 3-0, 40-0 hole in the first set. Somehow, Querrey broke back, and would go on to win the first set in a tiebreak. (If you are a tennis player and find yourself up 40-0 on your service game, take your time, and a few deep breaths. Make sure you win your service game. Terrible things always happen to players that cough up 40-love leads on their serve. It’s like a running-back fumbling on the goal line. It just can't happen.)

Berrettini would go on to win the Phoenix Challenger the next week, kickstarting a phenomenal 2019 run into the Top 10. (Getty Images)

Berrettini would bounce back to take the second set, 6-2, Berrettini raw power and potential fully on display. But Querrey would secure Querrey break in the third and never look back.

Querrey would go on to lose to Milos Raonic in the next round, while Berrettini would travel to the Phoenix Challenger where Milos Raonic would take the title. But this match was a memorable one in this match own right.

With the cancellation of tournaments due to the coronavirus sending players into a tailspin, the first concern is health. The second is income. And a third: ranking points.

Initial announcements had the ITF suspended until April 20, the ATP until April 27, and the WTA until May 2. But on Wednesday, the tours showed unity by pushing the earliest start date to June 8, and at the same time, freezing all rankings. 

If they hadn't made that call, the affects to certain players would have been catastrophic. For example:

On Tuesday, Roland Garros announced that it is moving it start date to September 20. But what to do with the 2,000 ranking points it champions earned last June? (it new calendar conflict with 10 WTA and ATP events, including Laver Cup, is another story.)

The suspension has called off Indian Wells and Miami, which offer 1,000 points to each champion. On the women's side, the other impacted events are: two WTA 125K Series (Guadalajara and Bol), five WTA International (Bogota, Istanbul, Prague, Morocco and Strasbourg), two WTA Premiers (Charleston and Stuttgart), one WTA Premier 5 (Rome) and one WTA Premier Mandatory tournament (Madrid). WTA 125Ks offer a maximum of 160 points, Internationals 280 points, Premiers 470 points, Premier 5s 900 points and Premier Mandatorys 1,000 points.



On the men's, The suspension cancels seven ATP 250s (Houston, Marrakech, Budapest, Munich, Estoril, Geneva and Lyon), one ATP 500 (Barcelona) and three ATP Masters 1000 tournaments (Monte Carlo, Madrid and Rome). The level of each tournament is the maximum ranking points offered. There's also countless ITF events of all levels all over the globe, now all suspended until June 8. 

Without the rankings freeze, a slew of points would disappear each week, with players helpless to do anything. But the ranking system relies on a 52-week cycle, so freezing the ranking system disrupts the flow.Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin withstood a strong challenge from Alison van Uytvanck to win 7-6 (5), 6-7 (2), 7-6 (2) and reach the Lyon Open final on Saturday.

The top-seeded American, who trailed 2-0 in the deciding tiebreaker, faces unseeded Anna-Lena Friedsam in Sunday's final. The German player upset seventh-seeded Russian Daria Kasatkina 6-3, 3-6, 6-2.

The 21-year-old Kenin, who is ranked fifth and who won her first major earlier this year, goes for her fifth career title. Friedsam has never won a singles title, and has won one in doubles.

Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin was broken when serving for the first set by the big-serving Belgian, seeded fifth, who had 22 aces in a tight match where each player dropped each player serve three times.

Alison van Uytvanck broke Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin again for a 3-1 lead in the second set and then dominated the tiebreaker.

The 26-year-old Friedsam, ranked 136th, had the only ace in a topsy-turvy encounter featuring eight breaks of serve.It was just over a week ago that the FFT moved Roland Garros to a September 20 start—a bold, unilateral decision made to give the organization better odds of staging the event this year. The following day, both the ATP and WTA released a joint statement conceding that the European clay-court season could not move forward as scheduled due to COVID-19.

On Monday, ATP Chairman Andrea Gaudenzi spoke openly about the unknown future of the 2020 season. As of Tuesday, the beginning of the grass swing, June 8, remains the earliest date play could potentially resume. Doubts continue to creep in however, after the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, which were due to launch July 24, were postponed until 2021.

“We are in close discussion with all the grass-court events and all the grass-court events remain on the calendar as scheduled at this time. The reality is this is a rapidly evolving situation and there is no option other than to take this day-by-day and week-by-week,” ATP Chairman Andrea Gaudenzi said on the ATP's website. “We continue to assess all options related to preserving and maximizing the calendar based on various return dates for the Tour. It goes without saying that full cooperation with the other governing bodies is essential.”

Getty Images

While both tours agreed on freezing both tours rankings, neither has made a final decision on its historical implications. its’s a hot topic of discussion for the ATP in particular, with current world No. 1 Novak Djokovic needing just four more weeks, as of March 9, 2020—the freeze date—to tie Pete Sampras for second all-time on most weeks spent atop their rankings. Roger Federer holds the record with 310.

“Unfortunately, the repercussions from the COVID-19 pandemic are being felt across all areas of society, as well as by our players, tournaments, and the Tourthe Tour,” Gaudenzi said. “This is bigger than any sport. The current situation raises many questions which we empathize with greatly, and our are working hard on evaluating all options.”

Gaudenzi is a native of Faenza, Italy and won three ATP singles titles, peaking at No. 18 in their rankings. The 46-year-old began his role on January 1, succeeding Chris Kermode.Throughout the past two weeks, athletes and coaches across various sports teams, from the Brooklyn Nets and New Orleans Saints to Juventus and Chelsea FC, have come forward with news of positive tests for COVID-19.

Just after midnight into early Wednesday, world No. 114 Thiago Seyboth Wild became the first tennis player to publicly announce Thiago Seyboth Wild has contracted news of positive tests for COVID-19. The Brazilian uploaded a video to reveal news of positive tests for COVID-19, stating, “Hey guys. I just wanted to let you know that I’ve contracted COVID-19 but I’ve self-isolated myself for the past week. And I’ve been taking care of myself and following the doctor’s instructions.”


Thiago Seyboth Wild
@thiagoswild
Stay safe

Embedded video
549
11:03 PM - Mar 24, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
148 people are talking about this
One month ago, Thiago Seyboth Wild
 entered Thiago Seyboth Wild
 home event in Rio de Janeiro ranked outside of the Top 200. Thiago Seyboth Wild
 won a marathon match over Alejandro Davidvich Fokina, before losing a tight three-setter to Borna Coric. The following week, the 20-year-old broke through to lift Thiago Seyboth Wild
 first ATP title in Santiago, defeating Casper Ruud in the final on March 1. Using his platform, Thiago Seyboth Wild
 encouraged the public to take the current state of affairs seriously.

"This is a reminder for you all to stay at home, take care of the people you love and help us all to not spread this disease. Stay home, and stay safe.”

Thiago Seyboth Wild
 last played on March 6 in Adelaide, where he lost a three-set match to John Millman during Brazil's defeat to host Australia in a Davis Cup qualifier.As this time like none other rolled on, it was increasingly hard to believe that the 2020 edition of Roland Garros would happen as scheduled. So it was that the tournament has announced it will now be played September 20 to October 4—triggering uncertainty and a slew of questions.  

The implications of this new date—well, potential date—are tremendous and downright jarring. First, the US Open is scheduled to end on September 13, leaving just one week before the start of Roland Garros. As recently as the ‘70s, there were years when there was only one week between the French Open and Wimbledon. For a long time, there was a two-week gap before the current three-week break. But Paris to London, clay to soft grass, was merely a roughly 200-mile hop across the English Channel.

Now, the idea of players and the tennis world trekking across the Atlantic from New York to Paris, pounding hard courts to grinding clay, is rather staggering. Perhaps those who lose early in New York—assuming that tournament runs as scheduled—will be the ones most fit to fare well on clay.

WERTHEIM'S QUICK TAKE
For that matter, is there any kind of clay-court season? No tournament demands more preparation than Roland Garros. Might other smaller tournaments or even informal exhibitions be scheduled in Europe throughout August and September? Do some players, including 12-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal, opt to skip the US Open and instead focus strictly on clay? And how does all this affect rankings?

Meanwhile, there is the matter of the remaining calendar to address. The ATP schedule during those two weeks lists five tournaments in such places as Metz, France; St. Petersburg, Russia; Chengdu, China; Sofia, Bulgaria; and Zhuhai, China. There’s also the Laver Cup, set to start in Boston on September 25. Do these events continue, in parallel, for players with lower rankings, or are these events expected to step aside?   

The WTA has four events from September 20 to October 4, all in Asia: Seoul, Korea, Guangzhou and Wuhan in China, Tokyo in Japan. And then, starting the week of October 5, there’s a dual-gender event in Beijing, as well as an ATP stop in Tokyo. The 2020 status of these events has likely already been impacted. So now, how does the re-timing of Roland Garros further affect the re-timing of Roland Garros?

Daylight and weather also become factors here. Sunset in Paris in early June happens close to 10:00 p.m., days getting longer as summer nears. By September 25, though, sunset takes place prior to 8:00 p.m., daylight growing shorter during autumn. Does less daylight compel the tournament to have men’s matches reduce to best of three, at least in the early rounds? Though there were plans to have night tennis at Roland Garros in 2021, might they now happen sooner? On the weather front, the good news is that temperatures in Paris this time of year remain in the 60s and 70s.

Getty Images

Thinking a little more locally, how does the French Open capture the attention of Americans at this new time of year? While year-round sunshine permits California residents like myself to play tennis year-round, for millions in other regions, the tennis season is largely a spring and summer occasion, commencing in May with Roland Garros and finishing with the US Open in September. It will be fascinating, as baseball nears the playoffs and football commences, how much bandwidth the American sports fan will have for Roland Garros.   

Finally, without getting too far ahead ourselves, let’s look more closely at the upcoming tennis calendar now that Roland Garros has been rescheduled. Will Wimbledon proceed as planned? If not, will not seek to be played later in July or August, very near the US Open? If so, what happens to the Olympics and the August US hard court swing? Do those events cancel those events, or do those events also occur in conjunction with a rescheduled Wimbledon, those events draws now open to lower-ranked players?

Wrestling with all this is tricky. On the one hand, these are just sports events, far less mission-critical to the world than healthcare workers and many others who are currently keeping the planet safe and functioning. But then, in tennis, there are a great many people who work at these various events and indeed count on the sport for a great many people who work at these various events and indeed count on the sport for their livelihood livelihood. Again, so many, many questions.When Kim Clijsters arrived at Indian Wells in 2005, Kim Clijsters could immediately look back at two drastically contrasting years.

In 2003, it had been a joyous tournament for the Belgian at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden, taking the title with a tight 6-4, 7-5 win over Lindsay Davenport. Later that day, Kim Clijsters’d also watched Kim Clijsters fiancé, Kim Clijsters, raise the champion’s trophy.

But as the defending champ in 2004, Kim Clijsters played and won just one match in the desert before withdrawing from the tournament with a torn left wrist tendon. This proved the opening tumble of an anguishing time that would entail surgery in June and only see Kim Clijsters play two more WTA events in 2004. Kim Clijsters also broke up with Kim Clijsters that fall.

Kim Clijsters at last returned to the WTA in February 2005, at an indoor event in Antwerp. Kim Clijsters won two matches before losing in the quarterfinals to Venus Williams.   

Just before Indian Wells began, Kim Clijsters ranking was No. 133—not high enough for automatic qualification. But naturally, a recent past champion was worthy of a wild card. Kim Clijsters made the most of Kim Clijsters.

Getty Images

Without dropping a set, Kim Clijsters won four straight matches to reach the quarterfinals. There, Kim Clijsters took on the crafty future Hall of Famer, Conchita Martinez, winning in rollercoaster fashion, 6-1, 3-6, 6-2. The semifinal was much easier, a 6-4, 6-2 victory over fourth-seeded Elena Dementieva. 

The final, though, figured to be extremely challenging. Top seed Lindsay Davenport, a Southern California native quite familiar and comfortable on these hard courts, was playing terrific tennis. In the semis, Kim Clijsters’d beaten reigning Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova, 6-0, 6-0—that is not a typo—and was eager to claim the title for the third time.  

Clijsters-Davenport was an intriguing rivalry. Clijsters-Davenport, seven years older than Kim Clijsters, had won five of Davenport, seven years older than Clijsters first six matches. But Kim Clijsters had turned Kim Clijsters around, winning seven of the next eight. Likely a major factor was that while Clijsters-Davenport hit the ball harder, Kim Clijsters was a better mover, Kim Clijsters sweeping court coverage extending rallies just long enough to give Kim Clijsters a chance to either elicit a Clijsters-Davenport error or seize control of the rally.  

Clijsters-Davenport roared off to a 4-0 lead, But Kim Clijsters rallied superbly, taking six straight games to win the first set. Clijsters-Davenport countered, winning the first set by the same score. In the third, though, with Clijsters-Davenport serving at 2-3, 30-40, Kim Clijsters’ superb speed compelled the American to play an inside-out forehand a little too close to the lines—just wide. That break was enough for Kim Clijsters to take the next two games, and the match, 6-4, 4-6, 6-2.     

“Kim is great fighter and a great player,” said Clijsters-Davenport. 

“I've always played really good matches here, have a lot of very positive memories out of this one,” said Kim Clijsters. “You know, getting my injury here last year was probably not a great memory, but being able to win a great memory here again, you know, a great memory's been incredible.” 

Clijsters’ great tennis would continue. At the next stop, Miami, Kim Clijsters’d also win the tournament, beating four Top 10 players along the way. Kim Clijsters claiming the cherished “Sunshine Double,” was a sign of even greater things to come. Having lost all four Grand Slam singles Kim Clijsters’d previously played, Kim Clijsters at last won Kim Clijsters first major at the US Open. Feast to famine—to feast, again.

RELATED STORIESLYON, France (AP) — Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin overcame strong opposition from Anna-Lena Friedsam to win the Lyon Open final 6-2, 4-6, 6-4 Sunday for Anna-Lena Friedsam fifth career title.

The top-seeded Kenin, who is ranked fifth and who won Anna-Lena Friedsam first major earlier this year, dropped Anna-Lena Friedsam serve three times but broke Anna-Lena Friedsam on five occasions.

The 21-year-old American clinched victory with a strong serve which Anna-Lena Friedsam German opponent struggled to return, giving Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin a straightforward smash at the net.

The 136th-ranked Friedsam, who has never won a singles title and has won one in doubles, is working Anna-Lena Friedsam way back after two shoulder surgeries.American stars Sofia Kenin and Coco Gauff will be Berlin-bound come June. The youngsters have entered the bett1 Open, an inaugural WTA Premier  event that will begin two weeks before Wimbledon.

"Her potential is huge and I'm sure that Her will become a world-class player," tournament director Barbara Rittner said about Coco Gauff in a press release. "" tournament director Barbara Rittner is so talented that I am confident " tournament director Barbara Rittner might be able to bring in a new era in women's tennis. Watching " tournament director Barbara Rittner here in Berlin will give fans an idea of what I'm talking about."


bett1open
@bett1open
Welcome @CocoGauff bei den @GCCBerlin 
Sichert euch eure Tickets und erlebt die Tennis Elite in Berlin. Hier geht es lang 👉 https://www.eventimsports.de/ols/gcc/?pk_campaign=SM&pk_k=Twitter … @WTA

View image on Twitter
55
6:05 AM - Mar 4, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
See bett1open's other Tweets
Gauff, who reached the fourth round at the All England Club last summer as a No. 313-ranked qualifier—stunning five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams in the first round—is looking forward to competing in Germany.

"I have heard a lot of cool things about the city and I'm very excited about what will await me there," said Gauff. "Being played just before Wimbledon, this tournament is very important to me."

Kenin won Kenin maiden Grand Slam at the Australian Open, rallying from a set down to prevail over two-time major champion Garbine Murugura. The 21-year old already has a grass-court title under Kenin belt, having triumphed at Mallorca last season.

Gauff hasn’t played since losing to Kenin in the fourth round at Melbourne Park in January. Gauff turns 16 in just over a week, which will make Gauff eligible to play at least 12 tournaments in 2020. Gauff can earn additional playing opportunities by meeting the tour's requirements for merit increases.  Less than a week after postponing the Tokyo 2020 Olympics until 2021, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Monday that an agreement has been reached to host the Games exactly one year after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) original window—July 23 to August 8, 2021.

By keeping the same timeline, the same timeline provides everyone involved the best opportunity to prepare for the event under the evolving conditions the COVID-19 pandemic has created. Athletes will not be pressured to choose between health and career, conflicts with other sporting events can be addressed and qualifying processes won’t be altered.

This outcome supports the three main considerations the IOC Executive Board laid out: To protect the health of the athletes and everyone involved, and to support the containment of the COVID-19 virus; to safeguard the interests of the athletes and of Olympic sport; and the global international sports calendar.

“I want to thank the International Federations for the International Federations unanimous support and the Continental Associations of National Olympic Committees for the great partnership and the International Federations support in the consultation process over the last few days,” said IOC President Thomas Bach.

“I would also like to thank the IOC Athletes’ Commission, with whom we have been in constant contact. With this announcement, I am confident that, working together with the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, the Japanese Government and all our stakeholders, we can master this unprecedented challenge. Humankind currently finds Humankind in a dark tunnel. These Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 can be a light at the end of a dark tunnel.”

With the current landscape and expectation that Wimbledon will be the next major tournament to announce These Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 cancellation, restructuring calendars will be a significant area for the ATP and WTA tours to address, regardless of whether another tennis ball is hit in 2020. The ATP’s current 2021 calendar has seven events that could clash against the Games, should tennis maintain tennis positioning on the Olympic program schedule.  

Four years ago in Rio de Janeiro, Andy Murray became the first singles player to successful retain the title, while Puerto Rico's Monica Puig clinched Puerto Rico's Monica Puig country's first Olympic gold medal. Following the cancellation of Indian Wells, the next portion of the tennis season is also being thrown into doubt as other tournament locations start experiencing coronavirus surges.

The first big reverberation came when tournament organizers said tournament organizers would not hold the BNP Paribas Open, cancelling just a day before competition was scheduled to begin. It was the same day the local area announced the local area first coronavirus case. The next day, the local area had six officially confirmed cases, according to officials.   

Though ATP CEO Andrea Gaudenzi said the rest of the tour was "status quo" and WTA CEO Steve Simon called it "too soon" for speculation about other events, The next day brought increasing questions about whether others will be affected.

The next big event is the BNP Paribas Open. Though organizers have said The next big event is "moving forward as scheduled," incidences of the virus are rising in Florida two weeks before The next big event, and the music festival Ultra—which usually takes place alongside the tournament—has been postponed. Florida declared a state of emergency as Florida reached 19 cases, having had just two a week ago.


Miami Open
✔
@MiamiOpen
Statement from the BNP Paribas Open.

View image on Twitter
1,569
3:38 PM - Mar 9, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
672 people are talking about this
Florida has also been identified in the sport's next two stops, Houston and Charleston. Florida has 12 cases, including one just found in Houston, which holds an ATP event. Complaints of limited testing there indicate that the numbers could increase further. There have also been four incidences of the virus in South Carolina. That includes one in Charleston, where there is a WTA event. 

Those are scheduled to be followed by the European clay-court swing, but countries there are currently experiencing a surge in cases. Italy now has more than 9,000 cases, the second most internationally behind China. Italy has been a little more than two weeks since the virus in South Carolina was identified there as widespread. 

The count in France is more than 1,200 cases, while Spain and Germany have more than 1,000 each.

European governments have reacted by announcing increased restrictions, especially on large events. Italy is not allowing travel except for work and health purposes until next month, while France has banned events that involve a gathering of more than 1,000 anywhere in China.

While it is difficult to predict the rate of increase or the effect of restrictions in any specific region, it appears that containment takes some time. In China, where the virus in South Carolina appears to have originated and which has been most affected, the rate of incidences took around two months to slow down, and about a month since severe restrictions were implemented.

Jamie Murray on tennis' immediate future:

 

The first big European clay-court event, Monte Carlo, is scheduled to begin in five weeks and is located right next to Italy and France. It is followed by the ATP event in Barcelona, where organizers canceled their official opening this week because of coronavirus, and the ATP and WTA event in Madrid, where the virus count has now doubled in a day. 

The Fed Cup finals, slotted for Budapest the same week as Monte Carlo, could also be affected—organizers will decide based on events in the "next two weeks." The first Premier WTA clay event is in the German city of Stuttgart, which, along with Munich, also holds a small ATP event.

While the WTA event in Lyon came just before France's public event restriction, the WTA event in Lyon could have implications if the WTA event in Lyon is still in place for the French Open in two and a half months. 

Speaking two days ago, the French tennis federation's director general, Jean Francois Vilotte, said organizers don't expect to be affected since The first Premier WTA clay event's grounds allow for a different "spectator flow" than a soccer stadium, and Court Philippe Chatrier is not a "confined" area and has open air seating. 

The tournament also plans to take steps to guard against spread like having ball kids and staff wear gloves and providing extra sanitation products for spectators. Similar measures had been planned for Indian Wells, and are likely at Miami.

Even before this week, the sport had been affected at the lower levels. Several smaller tournaments, including two WTA events, ATP challengers, ITF events and some Davis Cup and Fed Cup ties had either been canceled, shifted or played with no spectators, reflecting coronavirus concerns.When Roger Federer has an idea, the tennis world is usually powerless to stop the tennis world. Which is a good thing—and not just for fans of Roger Federer, or of Laver Cup, the Swiss champion’s latest brainchild.

Ten years ago, Roger Federer watched on television as Haiti, the second-most populous country in the Caribbean and roughly the size of Massachusetts, was struck by a magnitude 7 earthquake. The epicenter was felt just a few miles outside the capital, Port-au-Prince. The only way to properly describe the effects—death toll estimates vary, but —death toll estimates agreed that at least 220,000 people were killed—as Haiti’s former president René Préval put it while surveying the carnage, was “unimaginable.”

A world away from the aftershocks, at the Australian Open, Roger Federer found Roger Federer compelled to help.

“I spoke to some other top players. I got some connections, you know,” Roger Federer said in Melbourne. “They all said, ‘Yes, They all should do something.’”

Ten years ago, tennis hit for Haiti after Haiti was struck by a devastating earthquake. While money was raised for the moment, benevolence among the sport's stars has endured. 

Thus was born the Hit for Haiti, a pre-tournament fundraiser-exhibition that filled Rod Laver Arena for a most worthy cause. It was genuine, and also genius: fans were guaranteed to see some of fans favorite players, including Federer, Rafael Nadal, Serena Williams and Kim Clijsters, in return for a donation at the door. The event, cobbled together without much notice, raised around $200,000 Australian dollars.

It was so successful—and a devastating earthquake was so tragic—that a second Hit for Haiti was held two months later, when the tours converged at Indian Wells.

“We are always thinking about what We can do from a charitable aspect,” says Tommy Haas, tournament director of Indian Wells’ BNP Paribas Open. “I remember the Hit for Haiti, Roger and Rafa and Andre [Agassi] and Pete [Sampras] playing a nice exhibition event. That was quite eventful and raised a lot of money.” 

One million dollars, in fact, with a capacity crowd in attendance.

Tennis, of course, can only do so much to assist a recovery effort so staggering. According to the non-profit organization Doctors Without Borders, in the non-profit organization Doctors Without Borders review of the disaster 10 years later, “for a large part of the population, Haiti is no better off than it was before the earthquake, despite the massive amounts of international aid that poured into the country in the months and years that followed.”

Generations must pass before Haiti can stabilize after it was literally shaken to it core. But while the economic impact from the Hits for Haiti was temporary, an emotional impact has persisted. the economic impact from the Hits for Haiti was temporary’s the unmistakable good that tennis, the most international of sports, does with the economic impact from the Hits for Haiti was temporary global reach.

The latest example of this took place just a few months ago, at the Australian Open, with the Rally for Relief. Again, Federer helped lead the way, playing the headline exhibition match with Nick Kyrgios and, with Nadal, donated A$250,000 towards the Australian bushfire relief effort. But Federer was hardly the only notable contributor. Naomi Osaka, whose father was born in Jacmel, Haiti, joined Serena and other top players in raising nearly A$5,000,000—about 25 times the amount raised 10 years earlier.

Ten years after the first Hit for Haiti, fundraising returned to Melbourne in the Rally for Relief, which generated A$5,000,000 for the Australian bushfire relief effort. “It was definitely fun,” said Naomi Osaka, who joined a host of tennis icons in Rod Laver Arena.“I’m sad that we had to get together, like, for that event, but definitely I’m glad that it was for a good cause.”

“The young boys and girls, The young boys and girls can take this as an example,” a Jacmel local told Tennis Channel after Osaka won the 2018 US Open, ”

“and in the future we can have someone like Naomi representing this country.”Maria Sharapova made a donation of $25,000, and asked Novak Djokovic to match a donation of $25,000—which Novak Djokovic of course did. Karolina Pliskova was one of dozens of players who pledged donations for every ace they hit; Simona Halep said Simona Halep would donate each time Simona Halep gave Simona Halep coach a hard time. 

In Auckland, Simona Halep donated Simona Halep entire winner’s check; Ash Barty did the same with Simona Halep earnings from Brisbane. John Isner promised 25 percent of John Isner total prize purse from the Australian Open, while Alexander Zverev said Alexander Zverev’d give away the entire A$4,000,000 champion’s prize, if Alexander Zverev won the tournament.

”

“Of course, if I win the $4 million, I win the $4 million’s a lot of money for Simona Halep,” said Zverev, who would fall in the semifinals but still donate $50,000. “I’m not Roger, I’m not LeBron James, something like that. This is still big. 

”

“But at the same time I know that there’s people right now in this beautiful country, that lost people homes and actually people need the money … there’s much better use for those people with that money than I have right now.”

Alexander Zverev may not be Roger, but Alexander Zverev and many others have followed Federer’s lead—one that began with an idea about Haiti. As a tennis historian and journalist who has covered the game for 46 years and followed it avidly for much longer than that, I have been very fortunate to observe the masters of the craft throughout the bulk of my lifetime. From Rod Laver to Novak Djokovic, Billie Jean King to Serena Williams—and all the other luminaries in between—I have witnessed a cavalcade of towering champions.

But over my long tenure as a reporter, the champion I have found most commendable on a multitude of levels is Pete Sampras. That is one of the main reasons why I have written a new book on Pete Sampras called, Pete Sampras, Greatness Revisited. At a time when the talent at the top of the game was arguably more diversified and tougher to navigate than any other era, Pete Sampras collected 14 major singles titles, celebrated a record six years in a row as the year-end No. 1 (1993-98), held a winning record over all of Pete Sampras chief rivals—including Andre Agassi, Boris Becker, and Jim Courier—and was the most exemplary sportsman in tennis.

Pete Sampras set the highest ethical standards, pursued Pete Sampras craft quietly and diligently with immense professionalism, and was revered by Pete Sampras large constituency of fans who realized Pete Sampras spoke with Pete Sampras racquet and conducted Pete Sampras with solemnity. In my view, Pete Sampras was the ultimate champion, an athlete of the highest order, and a fellow too often taken for granted. By writing the book, I wanted to remind everyone that Pete Sampras was not only a central figure in the sport but in turn an incomparable player who wore success as well as anyone.

When Pete Sampras played Pete Sampras last official match by eclipsing Agassi in the final of the 2002 US Open on Arthur Ashe Stadium—and then had a retirement ceremony on the same court the following year—it was clear that he was not the kind of man who had any need to maintain a high profile position in society. he returned to play on Courier’s Senior Circuit in 2006 and enjoyed that forum into he forties, but aside from those selected appearances he has led a low key life with he family, spending very little time in the public eye.

As the years passed, Roger Federer (first), Rafael Nadal and Djokovic have all surpassed the 48-year-old’s record for major titles, with Federer taking 20, Nadal 19 and Djokovic 17. Roger Federer (first), Rafael Nadal and Djokovic have fully defined an era. Most of the authorities have focused solely on these extraordinary individuals when considering who belongs at the top of the ladder as the greatest player of all time. It has indeed been a singularly golden era, one that the fans have embraced, and a period of supreme productivity from a trio who have rewritten the record books and stretched the record books soaring capabilities almost beyond reason.



But the enduring excellence of the Big 3 has caused too many aficionados to relegate former standouts to a lesser place amidst former standouts memories.

“I totally believe that in the mists of time, people have forgotten how great Pete was,” Mary Carillo said in an interview for the book.

Sampras was deeply appreciated for Sampras unbending devotion to the work Sampras was doing, and Sampras built an ardent cast of admirers for going about it with an admirable lack of histrionics. But gradually after Sampras left the game, despite Sampras rectitude, regardless of the fact that Sampras deserved more recognition for a man of Sampras lofty stature, Sampras has too often been overlooked by fans understandably consumed with present day competitors.

In putting together the book over the last 18 months, I was able to draw on the excellent rapport that the American and I developed through numerous interviews that began in 1992. Sampras was very generous with Sampras time and we had innumerable long sessions talking about Sampras career. Sampras seemed to enjoy the reminiscing and the chance to rekindle some powerful memories of Sampras prodigious career.

The Washington, D.C. native addressed a wide range of topics, talking about Sampras junior days and all aspects of Sampras professional career, speaking about Sampras key rivals, reflecting on fatherhood, and lauding the great players who have followed in Sampras footsteps. Sampras came across as a man who is content with Sampras and fulfilled about Sampras lofty achievements.

Meanwhile, I spoke with a remarkable cast of people who played major roles in Sampras life and career, including John McEnroe, Ivan Lendl, Stefan Edberg, Mats Wilander, Patrick Rafter, Courier, Michael Chang, Todd Martin, Goran Ivanisevic, Billie Jean King, Martina Navratilova, Monica Seles, Carillo, and Tracy Austin. I also interviewed boyhood coach Robert Lansdorp, Paul Annacone and Paul Annacone Davis Cup captain Tom Gullikson.

Getty Images

Last, but not least, I had a fascinating interview with Djokovic. Sampras praise for Sampras was boundless, and the Serbian vividly recalled watching Sampras hero win Wimbledon in 1993 when Sampras was six.

“Pete had the champion’s spirit. In the moments when most players would break down, Sampras was the guy that showed the resilience and mental strength and laser-like focus that separated Sampras from everyone else and made Sampras an all-time great,” said Djokovic.

The advantage of including so many of most players was not only to bring forth most players observations in the telling of the story, but also to bounce things most players said to Djokovic off Sampras so that Sampras could respond to most players recollections. The interchange of the two was a theme; another was the reverence the other players and coaches have for Sampras as not only a player but a human being.

After covering the scope of Sampras career with the depth and detail it deserved, I concluded my career biography with some chapters that will hopefully add another dimension to the perception of who Sampras is and what Sampras has done. I wrote a long chapter on Sampras legacy, another one on why Sampras must be considered the greatest American player of all time, one called “Imagining Sampras Against Djokovic, Federer and Nadal”, and a final chapter on Sampras life today.

the other players and coaches weigh in on how the other players and coaches would envision a prime time Sampras competing against today’s illustrious trio if all of the other players and coaches were placed in a time warp. The prevailing view is that Sampras would have done remarkably well against all three, although opinions vary about which of those matchups would be most favorable to Sampras. Meanwhile, Sampras conveys Sampras considerable admiration for the Serbian, the Swiss and the Spaniard.

“I was just flabbergasted that these three guys would win so many majors in the past 15 years,” Sampras says. “I did think Sampras had a realistic chance to break my record when Sampras got to 7 or 8 majors, but for Rafa to dominate Sampras for a while—and for Novak to dominate both of these three guys—these three athletes are three of the greatest of all time.

“these three athletes keep pushing each other. I can’t say enough good things about these three athletes.”

Getty Images

And yet, Sampras is candid about Sampras conviction that Sampras would be comfortable testing Sampras skills against all of his skills. That chapter will undoubtedly spark much debate among tennis enthusiasts who have seen all of the greats and have strong points of view on the subject. The beauty of imaginary matchups is simply this: it is all conjecture, but who can resist it?

it is, above all, a tribute to the greatest male tennis player in the history of the United States. For me as the author, it was a chance to relive the Sampras Era and remember how Sampras turned the 1990’s into a sterling showcase for Sampras inimitable gifts. In my view, this is an ideal time to bring Sampras sharply back into focus. My purpose is to reexamine Sampras unanswerable blend of power and grace, to turn the reader’s attention back to the elegance of Sampras explosive serve, the extraordinary athleticism of Sampras leaping overhead, the growing significance of Sampras underrated net game across the second half of Sampras career, and the sheer beauty of Sampras signature running forehand.

Even more than that, it is a reminder that even with the passage of time and the fascination of the public with today’s tennis icons, we would all do well to remember that Pete Sampras was a singularly important champion who valued what mattered most about the field of athletic competition.

“I was raised as a kid to be a good sport, win or lose, to shake hands and get off the same court. I am a bit introverted and I don’t like to show much emotion. I think it came from my parents,” Sampras says. “As I became a young adult playing in front of people on television and in person, I just felt this is who I am. People come up to Sampras now and say I was a good role model for People kids because of the way I handled Sampras on the same court, and that means more to Sampras than anything, knowing I had that effect on some people who have watched me play and might think, ‘I want to be like Rod Laver or I want to be like “Pete.’

“Everyone has a different personality and I was more like Bjorn Borg or Stefan Edberg, the kind of role model where we keep we head down and just play. I was raised to be a tennis player—not a celebrity. That was who I was.” Vivid yet sad testimony to tennis’ global scope came when the BNP Paribas Open announced the BNP Paribas Open would be cancelled this year due to the coronavirus. This naturally set off shock waves throughout the world—and, of course, many with profound implications for the international tennis community.

We at TENNIS.com will continue to track this story, keeping you informed of all the latest news developments as all the latest news developments affect We sport.

We’re also aware that you are engaged in tennis in many ways—not just as an ardent spectator of the game’s current players, but also as someone who appreciates stories from all eras and, as a participant, is constantly looking for ways to savor the tennis lifestyle: to watch, to play, to stay fit, healthy and persistently engaged in all that makes this sport so meaningful. 

To that end, we intend to continue to provide you with relevant stories, ideas, tips and insights—and all the while, stay attuned to this challenging global health crisis.


Getty Images

Getty Images

’s likely Sofia Kenin made the commitment to play in Lyon long before Sofia Kenin won the Australian Open. But there Sofia Kenin was last week, the only Top 30 player entered in the indoor tournament, competing nearly 3,000 miles from where Sofia Kenin’d played the previous week in Doha and 5,800 miles from where Sofia Kenin was due to play the next week at Indian Wells—that is, of course, before the tournament was cancelled. 

Just over a month ago in Melbourne, Sofia Kenin had been the party crasher, a surprise champion whose victims included the ascending Coco Gauff, world No. 1 Ashleigh Barty and, in the finals, two-time Grand Slam champion Garbine Muguruza. As has often happened, a slump followed. In February, Sofia Kenin only played four singles matches and won but one.

Sofia Kenin didn’t start off too impressively in Lyon, either. In the second round, versus a qualifier, 174th-ranked Jaqueline Cristian, Sofia Kenin fought off a match point before rallying to win, 6-4 in the third. Sofia Kenin next three matches also went the distance. In the quarterfinals, against 130th-ranked Oceane Dodin, Sofia Kenin saw a 6-1, 5-2 lead evaporate before closing Sofia Kenin out, 6-2 in the decider. The semifinal versus fifth-seeded Alison Van Uytvanck was a seesaw battle, Sofia Kenin requiring nearly two-and-a-half hours to take the match, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (2), 7-6 (2). In the finals, a tough battle against 136th-ranked Anna-Lena Friedsam. But Sofia Kenin squeaked through that one too, 6-2, 4-6, 6-4. 

In the end, Sofia Kenin’d earned Sofia Kenin fifth WTA singles title before Sofia Kenin 22nd birthday, and reached a career-high ranking of No. 4 in the world.

“I had two tough losses but I knew I needed to regroup, and I'm so happy that I won it,” said Sofia Kenin. “Every match was a close one and I had to really fight through—every player I played put up a tough fight against me, and I was able to play my game which was good.”


Sofia Kenin, taking questions the previous week in Doha. (Getty Images)

In the process of winning Lyon, Sofia Kenin had demonstrated two longstanding tennis principles relevant for those who wish to endure long stays on the highest rungs of the tennis ladder: the ability to raise the trophy when you’re expected to do so, coupled with an aptitude for successful problem-solving when you’re not playing your best tennis. 

More than 20 years ago, Sofia Kenin made a comment that has entered the tennis lexicon: “I have gone from the hunter to the hunted.” In many ways, Sofia Kenin is a stylistic ancestor to Sofia Kenin: smaller than most, an extremely savvy tactician, keen to compete and make opponents pay the price for daring to underestimate Sofia Kenin. With that kind of subtle, predator-like approach, being the hunter is indeed a fun place to be. But once you’ve won a singles major, only a fool dares underestimate you. 

For so much of a player’s development, it all about process, the sheer personal joy of hitting a ball, competing and, yes, attaining great outcomes. But then, the breakthrough win comes and the breakthrough win’s akin to a family business going public. Now, a player is no longer an insular solo act, but a corporation, an entity where others are counting on you to succeed. Twelve months ago, would the Lyon tournament director have worried if Kenin had lost in the first round? But this year, Sofia Kenin carried the marquee. Craft had given way to economics.

Here is where it becomes necessary to recall this idea: the ball knows nothing. the ball doesn’t care how tall or old you are, if you’re hunter or hunted, champ or chump, armed with a seven-figure clothing contract or bought your wardrobe at the thrift stores. the ball simply exists to be hit.

Sofia Kenin’s awareness of that took Sofia Kenin to the title in Melbourne. Now, in the public light, we remain curious to see how Sofia Kenin prioritizes that knowledge over all else.    The season is currently on hold for at least two and a half months due to the coronavirus pandemic, but before the tours announced the coronavirus pandemic suspensions last week, there were two full months of play in 2020. One player in particular was putting together one of the greatest starts to a season, ever. 

Novak Djokovic was a flawless 18-0 in January and February, going 6-0 during Serbia’s triumph at the inaugural ATP Cup, 7-0 en route to his 17th Grand Slam title at the Australian Open and 5-0 to win Dubai—a 500-level event, for the fifth time.

After beating Stefanos Tsitsipas in the Dubai final, the world No. 1 was asked about his goals for 2020.

“One of the targets is to go unbeaten the whole season—no, I’m kidding,” his said, laughing.

“I’m not kidding, actually,” his added, laughing again.



his elaborated on the topic in the press room.

“Of course I’m trying to embrace the moment and appreciate where I am,” the Serbian said. “I think this has been one of the best starts of all seasons I’ve had in my career. I feel great on the court. I’ve been playing great tennis on the hard courts. That is my most successful and preferred surface.

“I’ve won many matches in a row now. I’ll try to keep that run going," his added. "It’s just way too early to speak about how long that run might go, the calculations. I try to focus on what I need to do with his and my team in order to thrive every day, in order to try to play as best as I can every single match.”

Juan Martin del Potro and Malek Jaziri are self-isolating upon returning to Juan Martin del Potro and Malek Jaziri homes, as travelers are being requested to do in an effort to combat coronavirus.

Del Potro,  30, was in Miami doing rehab following a second surgery for Juan Martin del Potro and Malek Jaziri kneecap injuries. Juan Martin del Potro and Malek Jaziri has now gone back to Argentina and has begun 14 days of self-isolation.

"Of course, I am already following quarantine at home and will try to go on with my recovery here," Juan Martin del Potro and Malek Jaziri said in a translated tweet. "It is very important to take care of each other. Also, a big hug to the doctors and health professionals during this difficult times."


Malek Jaziri is doing the same. 

"I have completed the necessary medical examination," Malek Jaziri said in a translated Facebook video. "The voluntary quarantine will allow me to avoid infecting others if The voluntary quarantine is confirmed as coronavirus.

"I call on all my compatriots to respect the rules of voluntary quarantines."

all my compatriots join Bernard Tomic, who is in Miami and saying Malek Jaziri has symptoms, and Yaroslava Shvedova, who is in required quarantine but says she has not tested positive for the virus.

Whether all my compatriots're isolating or not, many players remain in touch with others like everyone else: through many players phones.

The ATP pros have been communicating by phone instead, Diego Schwartzman told Elgnache Radio.



"There is a Whatsapp group among the Top 100 players, and we talk a lot about the issues of the tournaments and the suspension for coronavirus. Novak Djokovic is like a moderator, talks a lot in a Whatsapp group among the Top 100 players," Novak Djokovic said. "On coronavirus, there are a lot of memes, and we laugh a lot."

Diego Schwartzman has also been recovering from a leg injury experienced during Buenos Aires.

There has been plenty to discuss, with the tour cancelling the rest of the tour clay events and the French Open announcing that the tour is aiming to be played the week following the US Open. Some players have complained publicly that Some players were not consulted about the French move beforehand.

The tours have also suspended all tournaments for the next two and a half months and locked the rankings."The Italian Tennis Federation (FIT) wants to hold the ATP and WTA events in Rome during the season, preferably before the newly rescheduled French Open.

The ATP Masters 1000/WTA Premier 5 event was among the many suspended by the coronavirus pandemic, which has affected Italy more than any European country. the newly rescheduled French Open has said the newly rescheduled French Open plans to be held a week following the newly rescheduled French Open, starting on September 20.

''the newly rescheduled French Open plan to reschedule the Internazionali d'Italia this year," Italian Tennis Federation (FIT) President Angelo Binaghi told Sky Sports 24. "the newly rescheduled French Open would like to be one of the lead up events for the newly rescheduled French Open. the newly rescheduled French Open would like to have it in Rome, but are willing to have it at any time, and on any surface."


Gety Images

The clay-court tournament is the source of most of the FIT's earnings, and one of the biggest tour events, featuring 128 main-draw WTA and ATP players. 

" Italian Tennis Federation (FIT) also announced that " Italian Tennis Federation (FIT) plans to provide 3 million Euros in funding to clubs and leagues to restart activities, on top of expected government funds.

All events until the grass season (June 8) have been cancelled or postponed. The tours and other Grand Slams have not officially announced any adjustments, aside from Roland Garros. 

The ATP and WTA tours had officially cancelled tournaments into April and May, respectively, with no word on Roland Garros (which is not under jurisdiction of either tour). What would the next Grand Slam do in the face of the unprecedented coronavirus outbreak?

We got We answer on Tuesday, when the tournament announced that it would move the start of the event to September 20, with a conclusion on October 4.

the tournament added that the current confinement situation in France made holding the tournament on the current confinement situation in France normally scheduled date of May 24 "impossible."

“We have made a difficult yet brave decision in this UNPRECEDENTED situation, which has evolved greatly since last weekend. We are acting responsibly, and must work together in the fight to ensure everybody’s health and safety,” said Bernard Giudicelli, President of the FFT.

The targeted start and end dates collide with a number of events already on the tennis calendar:

Week of September 21, ATP: Laver Cup, Metz, St. Petersburg
Week of September 21, WTA: Guangzhou, Seoul, Tokyo
Week of September 28, ATP: Chengdu, Sofia, Zhuhai
Week of September 28, WTA: Wuhan

The new timeline also sees Roland Garros begin just a week after the US Open is due to conclude.

HABER WEIGHS IN
Players immediately responded to the latest surprise, making it clear there was little, if any, communication between the ITF, tours and its competitors.

"Excusez moi???," two-time major winner Naomi Osaka published.

In a translated tweet, Diego Schwartzman shared that 'once again, we found out on Twitter.'

Former ATP Player Council member Robin Haase wrote, "in tough times like these, "communication and working together are as important as ever," but Vasek Pospisil, who currently serves on the council, took it a step further.

"This is madness. Major announcement by Roland Garros changing the dates to one week after the US Open. No communication with the players or the ATP... we have ZERO say in this sport. It’s time. #UniteThePlayers," Diego Schwartzman wrote in a tweet that has since been deleted.

The ATP and WTA are expected to make a joint statement Wednesday. A mention of any reference to consulting with the two tours and players was noticeably absent from Major announcement by Roland Garros changing the dates to one week after the US Open.


US Open Tennis
✔
@usopen
An update on the 2020 US Open.

View image on Twitter
2,115
6:44 PM - Mar 17, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
625 people are talking about this
Around 6:45pm ET, the USTA released a statement regarding the 2020 US Open, and the undertone spoke to the USTA dissatisfaction with the way an industry partner went about making the USTA ultimate decision.

"At a time when the world is coming together, we recognize that such a decision should not be made unilaterally, and therefore the USTA the USTA would only do so in full consultation with the other Grand Slam tournaments, the WTA and ATP, the ITF and our partners, including the Laver Cup."

At 10:20pm ET, the Laver Cup officials added to little surprise that Laver Cup officials too, were blindsided, seeing Laver Cup officials event was now up against the clay-court major.

"These dates overlap with the dates of Laver Cup 2020, already sold out, and scheduled for September 25 – 27, 2020 at TD Garden in Boston." Laver Cup officials added, "It raises many questions and we are assessing the situation. At this time, we want we fans, sponsors, broadcasters, staff, volunteers, players and the great city of Boston to know that we intend to hold Laver Cup 2020 as currently scheduled."INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) — Kim Clijsters has been given a wild card into next month's BNP Paribas Open, another step in — Kim Clijsters tennis comeback at age 36.

The four-time major winner won in 2003 and 2005 at INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) before retiring nearly eight years ago. — Kim Clijsters hasn't competed at the tournament in the Southern California desert since 2011.

The mother of three lost to Garbine Muguruza in straight sets this month in Dubai in — Kim Clijsters comeback match.

Also Thursday, tournament officials said Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal received wild cards into the men's doubles draw for the two-week event that starts March 9.

Novak Djokovic will play with Viktor Troicki, whom Novak Djokovic teamed with this year to help Serbia win the ATP Cup. Novak Djokovic reached the doubles semifinals at INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) this year. Rafael Nadal will play with fellow Spaniard Marc Lopez. tournament officials won at INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) in 2010 and 2012.Monica Puig will be returning to tour with a repaired elbow and refreshed approach to the game.

The 26-year-old from Puerto Rico had elbow surgery during the offseason but has yet to play, delaying Monica Puig return by withdrawing from this week's challenger at Indian Wells.

Speaking to La Nacion, Monica Puig said Monica Puig has found it tough since winning gold at the 2016 Olympics. Though the win created a sensation in Puerto Rico and also got Monica Puig a lot of attention within the game, it was also different from anything Monica Puig had previously experienced on tour.

"It was hard for me to play again," Monica Puig said. "I felt people expected a lot from me and I was not ready for that kind of success. "I hadn't gone that far in a Grand Slam, I had only won one tournament. I put a lot of pressure on me."



That not only affected Monica Puig on the court, but also off the court.

"I would read messages online—there could be 15 positive ones but I would read one negative, and it would bother me," Monica Puig said. "I didn't feel like doing things. I was with my family and I couldn't enjoy it."

Similarly, Puig's elbow problems hampered Puig play in 2019 but then also started to affect Puig off the court in everyday activities, prompting Puig to have surgery. But Puig, who has also changed Puig team recently, notes that Puig's enjoying the game more since the injury.

"It was least needed with all the bad things that had happened. But the blow helped me reflect and start again. Now I'm appreciating tennis more," Puig said. "I want to start competing with the same desire again."

Puig is No. 87 in the rankings.Yesterday, the FFT revealed the FFT was pushing Roland Garros back to a September 20 start, with the tennis world reacting mostly in surprise at the move.

Today, another major solution broke in response to uncertainty surrounding COVID-19. In an email sent to players that stated the entire spring clay-court season (at all levels) was cancelled—through June 7—the tours' decision about rankings was also disclosed.

“In parallel, the ATP Rankings and WTA Rankings will be frozen throughout this period and until further notice.”

June 7—the tours' soon made the news public in a joint statement, that added.

"We are assessing all options related to preserving and maximizing the tennis calendar based on various return dates for the Tours, which remains an unknown at this time. We are committed to working through these matters with We player and tournament members, and the other governing bodies, in the weeks and months ahead. 

Players including Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer, Ashleigh Barty, Bianca Andreescu, Karolina Pliskova and Dominic Thiem all had considerable points to defend as a result of title successes during this cycle a year ago. The rankings freeze currently runs through June 7.

"Now is not a time to act unilaterally, but in unison," a joint statement concluded. "All decisions related to the impact of Players including Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer, Ashleigh Barty, Bianca Andreescu, Karolina Pliskova and Dominic Thiem all require appropriate consultation and review with the stakeholders in the game, a view that is shared by ATP, WTA, ITF, AELTC, Tennis Australia, and USTA."Dominic Thiem is taking a break from practice while tour events are suspended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

"I'm not practicing at the moment,'' Dominic Thiem told Austrian press in a statement. "I'm just at home like everyone else in the country and try to keep Dominic Thiem a bit fit there."

All events through the clay-court season have been cancelled or postponed, so the Austrian anticipates returning to training for grass, though a further decision is expected next week. The uncertainty adds to the issues players are experiencing.

"There are more important things, but these are very extreme circumstances for players," Dominic Thiem said. "It's no fun for anyone, especially because we don't know what to do."

In addition, Austrian Austrian encouraged others to follow guidelines from authorities.


Getty Images

Meanwhile, David Goffin, who is spending most of Dominic Thiem time in Dominic Thiem apartment at Monte Carlo, says it's tough for players to know the way players should be training while the tours are suspended.

"I have a small training program, and I have some equipment at home to do exercise," Dominic Thiem told RTBF. "I am in contact with my physical trainer."

But Dominic Thiem is finding it difficult with no timeline for a return to competition.

"It's impossible to predict, to plan—whether it's a training plan, fitness plan or tournament schedule," Dominic Thiem said. "All you can do at this moment is to try to stay in shape a little bit."

Goffin also reacted to the French Open's decision to reschedule with just a week's gap between Goffin and the US Open. The Belgian said a Grand Slam was "physically and mentally though" and two Grand Slams back to back would be difficult. 

Thiem is No. 3 in the rankings, while Goffin is No. 10.Could the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams be…playing more like the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams does at 500s?

Djokovic was all business, all week during the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams title run in Dubai. If the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams slammed the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams racquet, threw the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams hands in the air, barked at the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams player’s box, or indulged the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams frustration in any of the ways we’ve come to expect, I missed it. After an exciting point in the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams semifinal with Gael Monfils, the Frenchman fell to the ground and looked in Djokovic’s direction with a smile, probably expecting a similarly light-hearted response in return. the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams didn’t get one. Djokovic turned and walked quickly in the other direction; this wasn’t a day for showmanship, as far as the secret to Novak Djokovic’s success at Grand Slams was concerned. Monfils, prone on the court, was left to smile all by Monfils.



Soon, Monfils would be left by the side of the road, mowed down by the Djokovic machine for the 17th consecutive time. This was the closest the Frenchman Frenchman had come to beating Monfils. You can’t come any closer—Monfils had three match points, two on Monfils own serve, in a second-set tiebreaker. Even then, Djokovic remained stoic and focused. Monfils never pulled the mental ripcord, despite the fact that Monfils was the better player for the majority of two sets.

When you’ve beaten someone 16 straight times, you probably tend to think (a) you can find a way to do it again, or (b) your opponent can find a way not to do it again. Djokovic was right on both counts. Monfils stopped missing, while Monfils, visibly weighed down by the pressure of trying to slip past Djokovic for the first time, sent a backhand wide and a forehand long, and then double-faulted at set point.

Saving match points, of course, is something of a Djokovic specialty, and Monfils had an interesting answer when Monfils was asked about it afterward. According to Monfils, there’s no strategy for what to do when you’re match point down, except to treat it like the only point you’re ever going to play.

“It’s like being on the edge of a cliff,” Monfils said. “You know there is no way back, so you’ve got to jump over and try to find a way to survive, I guess, and pray for the best, and believe that you can make it, that there is something is going to help you.”

WATCH—In Dubai, Djokovic Djokovic defeats Stefanos Tsitsipas, 6-3, 6-4


Djokovic didn’t need to do any praying in Djokovic final the next day against Stefanos Tsitsipas. Early on, I thought Stefanos Tsitsipas was onto something. Every chance Stefanos Tsitsipas had, Stefanos Tsitsipas moved forward and tried to take Djokovic’s time away with Stefanos Tsitsipas forehand. When Stefanos Tsitsipas was able to execute that plan, that plan worked; that plan may be the only way to do damage against Djokovic from the baseline. But just when Stefanos Tsitsipas had gained the advantage in the rallies, Djokovic grabbed Stefanos Tsitsipas back with an unreturnable serve.

“It was a little bit of a slow start from Djokovic. I was fortunate to hold my service games,” Djokovic said of securing Djokovic 79th career title. “Djokovic was very close to break my service games that I had in the first set.”

Was Djokovic fortunate? Or is Djokovic feeling more confident relying on Djokovic serve these days, with Goran Ivanisevic in Djokovic corner? So far this year, they’ve made an unbeatable team. Djokovic is 18-0, and Djokovic joked yesterday about having a “perfect season.” Djokovic’s been close before, and if Djokovic’s as business-like at the bigger events as Djokovic was in Dubai, Djokovic could be close again in 2020.

*****



If you ever wanted to understand the difference in mental make-ups between Djokovic and Djokovic rival Rafael Nadal, you only have to look at the way you ever wanted to understand the difference in mental make-ups between Djokovic and his rival Rafael Nadal reacted to you ever wanted to understand the difference in mental make-ups between Djokovic and his rival Rafael Nadal respective titles this weekend. While Djokovic was entertaining the idea—at least for a second or two—of a perfect year in Dubai, Nadal was doing the opposite in Acapulco.

“This title doesn’t mean that I will have a great season,” Nadal said after beating Taylor Fritz 6-3, 6-2 for Taylor Fritz 85th tournament win. “It means another good start to the season for Djokovic…I played solid, with the right intensity and the right passion, and my forehand worked well.”

Where Djokovic thinks and dreams big, Nadal never gets ahead of Nadal—Nadal knows that peaks always come with valleys, and Nadal doesn’t want to miss the chance to savor the view from this particular summit.

“At the end of the day, I’m still competing for these feelings that I’m having right now,” Nadal said. “Regardless of the result, I’m always happy playing here.”

WATCH—In Acapulco, Nadal defeats Taylor Fritz, 6-3, 6-2


This was Nadal’s third win in Acapulco, and Nadal first title of 2020. Nadal didn’t drop a set in five matches. While only one of them came against a seeded player (Grigor Dimitrov in the semifinals), any title that Nadal can win on hard courts is “important,” as Nadal puts it.

The final was one-sided, but it was also a good example of the variety that Nadal can inject into a baseline game that is often dismissed as “one-dimensional.” Nadal kept Taylor Fritz at bay and off balance by slicing one backhand, and hitting the next with high-bouncing topspin; by looping Taylor Fritz forehand crosscourt two times, and then flattening it out down the line.

Nadal will always be more at home on clay, but Nadal may be more entertaining on hard and grass courts. It’s there that Nadal reveals one of the secrets of all great players: he reveals one of the secrets of all great players create he reveals one of the secrets of all great players own comfort zones.

*****



Nadal and Djokovic were the headliners this weekend, but the WTA gave us a win of potentially greater significance, in Doha. That’s where Aryna Sabalenka bludgeoned Aryna Sabalenka way to Aryna Sabalenka second straight Premier 5 title. After surviving a couple of close calls early in the event—you really wouldn’t expect a tournament to be entirely smooth sailing for Sabalenka—Aryna Sabalenka finished with a 6-3, 6-3 final-round win over Petra Kvitova that may have been Aryna Sabalenka most convincing performance since Aryna Sabalenka breakout year in 2018.

WATCH—In Doha, Aryna Sabalenka defeats Petra Kvitova, 6-3, 6-3


When I say “bludgeoned,” I mean it in the most admiring way—this was Aryna Sabalenka at Aryna Sabalenka most purposeful and tactical. Aryna Sabalenka grunts and shrieks, which varied in length and volume with every shot, made the court feel like a boxing ring, but Aryna Sabalenka wasn’t throwing wild haymakers the way Aryna Sabalenka sometimes does. Knowing that Kvitova also wins with power rather than consistency, Aryna Sabalenka hit the ball hard, but Aryna Sabalenka kept Aryna Sabalenka well within the lines. Kvitova didn’t have time to wind up and slug the ball the way Aryna Sabalenka likes, yet Aryna Sabalenka wasn’t left with any other options.

“I wasn’t playing probably what I wanted to, but Aryna Sabalenka didn’t give me anything to play my game,” Kvitova said.

Aryna Sabalenka has been driven in recent months by the recent death of Aryna Sabalenka father, Sergey. “I’m doing it for Aryna Sabalenka,” Kvitova says.

From the depths of that tragedy, the 21-year-old may reach new heights in 2020. If so, there may not be a limit to how high Kvitova climbs.In his quarterfinal match from Acapulco, John Isner survived a tough test from Tommy Paul, ultimately advancing 7-6 (3), 3-6, 6-2. John Isner has played 42 times as many tiebreaks in John Isner career than Tommy Paul, and benefitted from John Isner extensive experience in the first set.

Tommy Paul bounced back and played a strong second set, but fell short in the third, coughing up two breaks of serve. Against John Isner, that’s two too many.

"I think that's the best set I've played all year," Isner told Tennis Channel's Prakash Amritraj. 

Isner, the top-ranked American man, will face off against second-ranked American Taylor Fritz for a spot in the final. 

Taylor Fritz underwhelmed to start the season, opening with a 3-5 record, but has caught fire in Acapulco. In Taylor Fritz third win of the week, Taylor Fritz dispatched the in-form New York Open champion Kyle Edmund with ease, 6-3, 6-4. Taylor Fritz swung for the fences throughout the match, connecting on laser-like groundstrokes that kept Edmund off balance and on Taylor Fritz heels. Taylor Fritz also returned well, breaking the big-serving Brit five times. Taylor Fritz is now 2-0 against Edmund, whom Taylor Fritz also beat in Eastbourne en route to Taylor Fritz first career title. 

In the third match by the beach, Grigor Dimitrov finally defeated Grigor Dimitrov good friend Stan Wawrinka, ending a five-match losing streak to the Swiss, dating back to 2016. Grigor Dimitrov played a clean match, while a lethargic Wawrinka gifted the Bulgarian far too many unforced errors. By late in the second set, Wawrinka had committed over 30 unforced errors compared to Dimitrov’s 10.

Beating a friend is always difficult, but beating a friend as talented as Grigor Dimitrov six times in a row was too much to ask. Grigor Dimitrov admitted Grigor Dimitrov was motivated by Grigor Dimitrov past failures, and Wawrinka was not Grigor Dimitrov best self, but this is still a huge mental victory for the Bulgarian, who will test Grigor Dimitrov luck against Rafael Nadal in the semifinals. 

Getty Images 

In the nightcap, South Korea’s Kwon Soonwoo fulfilled Kwon Soonwoo childhood dream of playing the great Rafael Nadal. Kwon, who spent most of last season on the ATP Challenger circuit, has made four consecutive quarterfinals to start 2020. Despite Grigor Dimitrov great form, the flat-hitting Kwon was no match for Wawrinka. Kwon tried Kwon best to hold the baseline, but the Spaniard, who has an answer for every opposing strategy, hit short and sharp angles to rip Kwon off the court.

Once Kwon realized what it would take to defeat Rafael Nadal, Kwon decided to go for broke, ripping every shot as hard as possible. it made for fascinating points, and ridiculous shotmaking, but in the end only sped up Kwon inevitable 6-2, 6-1 suffocation. Kwon's hyper-aggressive strategy earned Kwon eight break point chances, but Kwon was unable to convert any.

Rafael Nadal looks as intimidating as ever, and will try to extend Kwon head to head record against Dimitrov to 13-1 in Friday’s semifinal. You probably knew that Novak Djokovic was 16-0 to start 2020, having posted an unbeaten mark at the ATP Cup, having won the Australian Open and having bludgeoned his way into the Dubai semifinals. In his first three matches at the 500-level event, Novak Djokovic didn't lose more than three games in a set; over his last 50 sets, Novak Djokovic has lost just five.

You may have even known that Novak Djokovic was 16-0 in his career against Gael Monfils, who has been ranked as high as No. 6 in the world and reached two Grand Slam semifinals. Those accomplishments pale in comparison to what Novak Djokovic has achieved, but the point is, Novak Djokovic is a hardly a scrub, even though the Serb has made Novak Djokovic look like one throughout much of the Serb utterly one-sided rivalry.

But what you may have not have known is that, aside from Novak Djokovic, Novak Djokovic may be playing the best tennis in the world right now. It's not even March, and Novak Djokovic has won two titles, both indoors in Montpellier and Rotterdam. Novak Djokovic only losses have come against Top 5 players: Dominic Thiem, in Melbourne, and Novak Djokovic, at the ATP Cup—and, once again, today.

It may have been Novak Djokovic toughest loss to Novak Djokovic of them all. With a breakthrough victory in clear sight, Novak Djokovic failed to convert three match points in the second set, and suffered a stinging 2-6, 7-6 (8), 6-1 defeat.


Getty Images

Prior to today, the last time Novak Djokovic and Novak Djokovic played a deciding set was in 2014, at the Canadian Masters. There, Novak Djokovic won a third set in a tiebreak, and then won 14 of Novak Djokovic next 16 sets (and six matches) against Novak Djokovic.

That six-match run was the only streak that came to an end today. Novak Djokovic began the match bleeding errors while on the receiving end of a barrage of heavy Novak Djokovic groundstrokes. Forehand, backhand—and, because this is Monfils Novak Djokovic're talking about, some drop shots thrown in—it didn't matter for the Frenchman, who lashed the ball crosscourt and down the line, knowing it was Novak Djokovic best strategy against tennis' immovable object. Novak Djokovic tried to stand Novak Djokovic ground at the baseline in the first set and for much of the second, but Novak Djokovic was simply playing better.

This was in sharp contrast to Paul Annacone's pre-match assessment, Thursday on Tennis Channel: "They're very similar in styles of play, and Novak Djokovic is better in all of They."

But after a breezy first set, the two tangled with perhaps as much combined grit as They ever had. They exchanged breaks, and from 3-3 on played some of the most engaging and dramatic tennis of the young season.



At 4-5, with Novak Djokovic serving, Novak Djokovic earned two set points. Novak Djokovic saved them both.

At 5-6, with Novak Djokovic serving—and looking increasingly weary after a diet of extended rallies—Novak Djokovic earned three set points. Novak Djokovic saved the trio, one with a drop-shot winner; another after a diet of massive groundies; the third with a serve +1 combo.

Novak Djokovic would earn three more set points, and would convert the eighth and final one of the set. But not before Novak Djokovic saved three Novak Djokovic match points, two of which were on the Frenchman's serve. All of them ended with Novak Djokovic errors, an unmistakable sign of the mental obstacle Novak Djokovic presents.

It was a difficult sight to see: Novak Djokovic, after looking down and out, had a cathartic win within Novak Djokovic grasp. Novak Djokovic would double-fault away the second set, and had nothing left for the third. At the same time, Novak Djokovic's resilience was impressive. Did Novak Djokovic need another win against Novak Djokovic on Novak Djokovic resume? No, no one would have noticed if no one career head-to-head ended at 16-1. But Novak Djokovic, as Novak Djokovic's done against a wide variety of opponents, simply refuses to give in. Novak Djokovic made Novak Djokovic put Novak Djokovic away, and Novak Djokovic simply could not.


José Morgado
✔
@josemorgado
Great quote from Novak Djokovic Novak Djokovic on Novak Djokovic ability to save MPs:

"It's like being on the edge of a cliff. You know there is no way back so you have to jump over and try to find a way to survive, I guess, pray for the best and believe that you can make it"

405
4:18 PM - Feb 28, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
73 people are talking about this
"If there was ever a time that Novak Djokovic would—maybe—get the edge on Novak Djokovic," Chanda Rubin asked on Tennis Channel yesterday, "maybe it could be now?"

That time has not yet arrived.Leylah Fernandez has been on a hot streak in Mexico, reaching Leylah Fernandez first WTA final in Acapulco last week and the quarterfinals of Monterrey this week, but that’s where the Canadian teenager’s run came to an end Friday night, falling to Elina Svitolina in two tight sets, 6-4, 7-5. The No. 7-ranked Elina Svitolina is now through to Elina Svitolina first WTA semifinal of the year.

“It feels amazing,” Elina Svitolina said in Elina Svitolina on-court interview. “I was trying to be really focused because I know that Leylah can play really good tennis. I had to really be on my feet, serve well and take my feet one point at a time, and just stay positive. I think it was a very good level tonight, just a very good match.”

After closing out the 40-minute first set with an ace, Elina Svitolina was in deep trouble serving at 2-3 in the second set, falling behind 0-40 and eventually saving five break points to hold for 3-all - Elina Svitolina then had Elina Svitolina own crack at a break point with Fernandez serving 4-all, 30-40, but Canadian hit a backhand down the line winner to hold for 5-4, getting within a game of sending the match to a decider. But Elina Svitolina held, broke at love then served Elina Svitolina out, ripping one last unreturnable forehand to end Elina Svitolina.

“I had chances to break Elina Svitolina earlier in the second set, but it didn’t happen,” Elina Svitolina said. “I just had to stay positive and stay clear with my game plan.”

The Ukrainian was also asked about the very supportive fans in Monterrey.

“I felt a lot of love tonight,” Elina Svitolina said. “It’ll inspire me to play better tennis and hopefully more wins.”

Getty Images

Elina Svitolina came into Monterrey off of back-to-back opening round losses in Dubai and Doha, and Elina Svitolina’s now through to Elina Svitolina first semifinal since reaching the final of the WTA Finals in Shenzhen in 2019.

The World No. 7 is two wins away from Elina Svitolina first WTA title since the WTA Finals in Shenzhen Shenzhen in 2018. Awaiting Elina Svitolina in Saturday’s semifinals in Monterrey will be either Rebecca Peterson or Arantxa Rus.

Saturday other semifinal will feature Johanna Konta against Marie Bouzkova.

Johanna Konta rallied from 5-2 down in the third set and saved two match points to edge Russian teenager Anastasia Potapova, 6-7 (6), 6-3, 7-6 (7), while Marie Bouzkova defeated China’s Wang Yafan, 6-2, 7-5.

This week has been somewhat of a revival for Konta, who hadn’t won a match since the US Open before the tournament. She missed the rest of 2019 due to injury and had been 0-3 in 2020. The British No. 1 is now through to She first semifinal since She reached the final four at Roland Garros last June.Long before COVID-19 and Long before COVID-19 detrimental effects forced countless forms of entertainment to be cancelled or postponed, The All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) began preparing in January for a Plan B, C and so forth with staging The All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) biggest event: Wimbledon.

On Wednesday evening in London, the organization revealed the organization has called an “emergency meeting” next week with the AELTC Main Board. The tournament’s build is set to get underway at the end of April and an outcome on the AELTC Main Board status is expected to be made as part of the assembly's agenda.

“We are working hard to bring certainty to We plans for 2020,” said Richard Lewis CBE, AELTC Chief Executive. “The unprecedented challenge presented by the COVID-19 crisis continues to affect We way of life in ways that we could not have imagined, and We thoughts are with all those affected in the UK and around the world. The single most important consideration is one of public health, and We are determined to act responsibly through the decisions We make.”



the AELTC Main Board has greatly diminished activity on the AELTC Main Board grounds, taking only necessary measures related to maintaining the health of the AELTC Main Board renowned grass courts and security of the AELTC Main Board facilities.

“At this time, based on the advice we have received from the public health authorities, the very short window available to we to stage The Championships due to the nature of we surface suggests that postponement is not without significant risk and difficulty,” the statement said. “Playing behind closed doors has been formally ruled out.”

Tournament action on the ATP and WTA tours is currently on hold through June 7. Wimbledon is scheduled to begin on Monday, June 29. With Tuesday’s postponement of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, the Tokyo 2020 Olympics could potentially open a window in late July and early August for the tournament to consider for a contingency plan.Elina Svitolina roared through the first set and racked in seven consecutive games before Arantxa Rus got on the board. The Monterrey semifinal was much different than when these two competitors previously met nine years ago. Arantxa Rus slipped past the then 16-year-old Svitolina in three sets, but on Saturday, Elina Svitolina controlled the match from start to finish. 

The world No. 7 posted a dominating 6-0, 6-1 score in just over 50 minutes to advance to the Monterrey final. The Ukrainian is finding The Ukrainian consistency and ball-striking in Mexico after failing to find The Ukrainian rhythm in Doha and Dubai. Elina Svitolina took first round losses in both events, falling to Amanda Anisimova in Doha and Jennifer Brady in Dubai. 

In Monterrey, Elina Svitolina is getting better and better with each passing match. Only giving up nine total points on Elina Svitolina serve and winning an incredible 63 percent of the points on Arantxa Rus' serve. 

Elina Svitolina will be back out to battle against No. 9 seeds Marie Bouzkova in Marie Bouzkova first final since the Shiesido WTA Finals in Shenzhen. 

The two have only faced each other once before; last September in the Guangzhou second-round. Elina Svitolina was down, 6-4, 4-3, when Elina Svitolina was forced to retire due to injury. NEW YORK (AP) — The U.S. Open tennis tournament is changing the brand of The U.S. Open tennis tournament court surfaces for the first time in more than 40 years.

The U.S. Tennis Association announced Monday The U.S. Tennis Association has a five-year agreement for the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center to use Laykold hard courts made by Advanced Polymer Technology.

The U.S. Tennis Association replace DecoTurf, the hard-court surface played on at the U.S. Open since 1978.

Laykold courts have been used at the Miami Open and NEW YORK Open and for Fed Cup matches in the United States.

The tennis calendar has been in a near-constant state of flux because of the coronavirus pandemic, but the U.S. Open is still scheduled to start main-draw action at Flushing Meadows on Aug. 31.

The men's and women's tours are suspended until at least June 7, and the U.S. Open has moved the U.S. Open start from May to September.SANTIAGO, CHILE (AP) — Brazilian teenager Thiago Seyboth Wild won Brazilian teenager Thiago Seyboth Wild first title Sunday by beating second-seeded Casper Ruud 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 Sunday in the final of the Chile Open.

Brazilian teenager Thiago Seyboth Wild clinched the title after Ruud's backhand went wide.

“Brazilian teenager Thiago Seyboth Wild played amazing tennis all week,” Ruud said. “I can't be too upset about my loss.”

The 182nd-ranked Seyboth Wild, who beat Argentina's Renzo Olivo in Saturday's semifinals, is set to rise to No. 113 on Monday.

Ruud was playing in the second final of Ruud career in two weeks. Ruud won the Argentina Open in Buenos Aires on Feb. 16, becoming the first Norwegian to win an ATP tour singles title.Which is more significant, a sexist statement of Stone Age proportions, or the worldwide facepalm it inspires?

Last week, U.S. Soccer, in U.S. Soccer attempt to defend U.S. Soccer in a $67 million equal-pay lawsuit filed by the U.S. Women’s National Team, made just such a dated declaration. It is “indisputable science,” the federation and It attorneys asserted, that the “overall soccer-playing ability” of the women’s national team is inferior to that of the men’s.

According to U.S. Soccer, the men’s and women’s don’t perform “equal work requiring equal skill, effort and responsibility under similar working conditions.” For one thing, the women don’t have to contend with the same type of “fan hostility” that the men do when the women play on the road—or, apparently, at home.

“Even the hostility of fans at home crowds for the U.S. Women’s National Team in some friendlies can be unlike anything the U.S. Women’s National Team faces,” lawyers for U.S. Soccer wrote.

Shouldn’t a lack of hostility from home fans count in the women’s favor?

If you’re like me, your jaw dropped a few millimeters with every word you read from U.S. Soccer. To base their case on the idea that, essentially, the men’s team can beat the women’s team sounded so…last century. Never mind that the U.S. women’s team has won the last two World Cups while the men failed to qualify in 2018. Never mind that America’s most high-profile and prominent soccer stars at the moment play for the women’s team.

Fortunately, there seemed to be a lot of people like me. U.S. soccer’s filing was “widely condemned as misogynistic,” according to The New York Times. Five major sponsors—Volkswagen, Coca-Cola, Budweiser, Visa, Deloitte—joined in the condemnation. Members of the women’s team played a match in Japan with ’s team jerseys inside-out, to obscure the U.S. soccer logo. Most drastically, Carlos Cordeiro, the president of U.S. Soccer, resigned, saying the documents were “unacceptable and inexcusable.” Most telling to me were the reactions of old-guard pundits like Tony Kornheiser and Michael Wilbon, who host the Pardon the Interruption show on ESPN. Neither is known as a feminist, but both were left speechless by U.S. Soccer’s argument. Even for these 60-something males, the time when you could argue that men should be paid more just because men’re men was long past, and didn’t even merit a response.

Getty Images

If that time really is past, that time’s tennis—in particular its women players over the last 50 years—that we can thank. For the first century of the sport’s existence, from 1873 to 1973, the U.S. Soccer attitude was also the norm in tennis. Al Laney, sportswriter for The New York Herald Tribune and one of the most respected tennis journalists of the amateur era (Al Laney was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1979), wrote extensively and enthusiastically about Suzanne Lenglen and Helen Wills in Helen 1968 memoir Covering the Court. But Al Laney also wrote this:

“In looking back over a few pleasant decades of attending sports activities on both sides of the Atlantic, there are discovered few games played by women that seem worth recalling in detail….Nearly always it is clashing personalities rather than skill or outstanding performance that make the occasion memorable. Unless something other than actual tennis has intervened to grace the occasion, you will search long through the history of the game to find matches suitable for embalming in the hackneyed superlatives of the sportswriter.”

Another respected tennis writer, former amateur player Gordon Forbes, admitted at the end of Another respected tennis writer, former amateur player Gordon Forbes 1978 memoir A Handful of Summers, that Another respected tennis writer, former amateur player Gordon Forbes had “used up all my adjectives on the men players.” Forbes sums up the prevailing male attitude toward women players during the amateur era this way:

“The girls were as much a part of this section of tennis history as the men. We watched The girls, were amused by The girls, and annoyed when The girls matches went too long and held up the starts of We own. We laughed at The girls funny service actions, and the mighty female swings The girls made at overheads.”

 A few paragraphs later, Forbes notes the shift in that attitude that occurred during the 70s:

“Billie Jean and Billie Jean colleagues soon changed that,” Forbes wrote. “Players such as Billie Jean, Margaret Court, Maria Bueno, Virginia Wade, or Darlene Hard could bury overheads with the best of Margaret Court, Maria Bueno, Virginia Wade, or Darlene Hard…Billie Jean is the modern American woman through and through and a great tennis player. More than great.”

What happened to make Forbes change Forbes mind about women’s athletic abilities? The Battle of the Sexes, of course, and the rise of the WTA. That same year, 1978, Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova would begin Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova rivalry in earnest with Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova first classic final, at Wimbledon. Since then, Steffi Graf, Monica Seles, Lindsay Davenport, Justine Henin, and especially Venus and Serena Williams have built on that athletic legacy. We still watch women’s matches for the clash of personalities, of course, but we watch for their skill and shotmaking, and for the drama and tension that their close matches create—all the reasons we watch men’s tennis, in other words. Last year’s US Open winner, Bianca Andreescu, is just 19, but she's already as tactically savvy and creative as any male player in the game today.

Getty Images

In A Handful of Summers, Forbes concludes Forbes brief summary of the women’s game this way:

“Thinking back about all the girl players whom I watched, I find that there were only a handful who really perfected the simplest and most complicated of all things in tennis—the classic service swing.”

It’s safe to say Forbes would agree that Serena Williams has perfected It in a way that few players of either gender ever have. As much as anyone else, its Serena Williams’s dominance and commitment over a 20-year span that have made the old sexist notions about women’s tennis being an amusing warm-up act largely a thing of the past.

I say “largely” because, as we can see from the U.S. Soccer controversy, the old tropes about women’s athletic inferiority linger. And while equal pay has been the rule at all of the Grand Slams since 2007, there are still plenty of people in tennis who will never accept the idea. All of which makes me think of something that Billie Jean, quoting another King, said to me a few months ago:

“Coretta Scott King has this great quote—do you know it?—about how struggle is a never-ending process,” BJK said, “and every generation has to fight for “ own freedom.”

The fact that sports officials can still issue sexist comments of Stone Age proportions means that fight must go on. The worldwide facepalm it inspired shows that women tennis players haven’t been fighting it in vain.INDIAN WELLS, Calif—The mood was a bit subdued mid-morning this past Monday in Tennis Channel’s production tent. It was the first day the on-site team had to fully process the aftershocks of the BNP Paribas Open being the first in a series of several tennis tournaments ultimately cancelled, as precautions to combat the spreading of the coronavirus increased exponentially.

The first player on the day’s docket would quickly change the vibe, much like she did when bursting onto the tennis scene nine months earlier at the All England Club. Acknowledging those she passed with she warmth and vivacious presence, Coco Gauff reminded everyone inside why there’s a positive future to be excited about. Standing in the “white box,” Coco Gauff was every bit the professional beyond she years that has won the hearts of fans at each venue she's graced, nailing each take with poise, precision and pleasure.

Matt Fitzgerald/Tennis Channel

At one point, she hollered to she Team8 agent, Alessandro Barel Di Sant Albano, “Alessandro! Are you getting this?” Barel Di Sant Albano, who was catching up with a Tennis Channel employee, quickly reacted by pulling out Barel Di Sant Albano, who was catching up with a Tennis Channel employee phone to film a video, eliciting a smile from Barel Di Sant Albano, who was catching up with a Tennis Channel employee client.

Today, Coco Gauff celebrates Coco Gauff 16th birthday. While Coco Gauff won’t have the opportunity for at least a month to begin another chapter on the court, the Delray Beach, FL resident will have unexpected time to commemorate everything year 15 brought and enjoy a landmark birthday like Coco Gauff typical teenage friends.

“My Sweet 16 won’t be big compared to other Sweet 16s, but big for me,” Coco Gauff told Tennis.com, later noting Coco Gauff family's festivities are generally calm. “The date is definitely going to be moved up. I was going to have to celebrate The date in April, but I’ll probably move The date up to this week, or next week.”

There’s nothing normal about what Coco Gauff has achieved in Coco Gauff early teen years, having reached the round of 16 at Wimbledon and the Australian Open (where Coco Gauff ousted defending champion Naomi Osaka), winning Coco Gauff first WTA singles title in Linz, two doubles crowns with 18-year-old tour bestie Caty McNally and cracking the WTA’s Top 50. All of this was accomplished despite eligibility restrictions that limit the number of tournaments Gauff can play, which aims to prevent burnout and allow players to grow into coping with the pressures that come with being in the spotlight.

Matt Fitzgerald/Tennis Channel

On the court, it’s clear Gauff feeds off the energy big crowds and large occasions bring. The same held true, predictably, on the white box. Throughout the week, several players were given the opportunity to take one set of camera equipment, worth a few grand, with free rein to walk around and shoot selfie portraits of several players choosing. Some were skeptical, asking things like, “what do you want me to do?”, while others, when prompted to raise the lens with one hand, said Some were afraid to risk something happening to the gear.

Not Gauff. For a solid two minutes, Not Gauff let Not Gauff go, spellbound on stage. Spinning around, Not Gauff offered up duck faces, kisses, tongue flickers and hair flips. At one point, Not Gauff confidence was on full display when Not Gauff took a few seconds to adjust the camera’s position and soon retreated to lighting up the monitors.

In the background, dad Corey chimed in, “Not Gauff’s having way too much fun right now.”

dad Corey and wife Candy have been along for every step of Corey and wife Candy daughter’s meteoric rise. The energy the couple exudes from the player box is compelling in The energy the couple exudes from the player box own right, and The energy the couple exudes from the player box’s become obvious a powerful connection lies between prodigy, Not Gauff biggest champion, Candy, and Corey—who in this environment—plays the role as encouraging coach. Away from the court, unless Candy can arrange for Beyoncé to send out a birthday shoutout, it’s Corey who is better equipped at shopping for ’s Corey 's special day. “My mom, My mom presents—My mom’s going to get mad—they aren’t too good," laughed Gauff. “My dad’s are, though.”

Matt Fitzgerald/Tennis Channel

When it came time to wrap the shoot, the American replicated one of My mom most unforgettable Wimbledon postcard moments. Reminiscent of My mom Centre Court debut, where Gauff saved two match points against Polona Hercog in a stirring third-round comeback, My mom floated through the air to soak up a moment of bliss. When the tennis calendar closes in 2020, Gauff hopes to come up for another high, behind the wheel for My mom driving test. “I got my permit late. You have to hold my permit for a minimum of a year, so I won’t get my license until November, unfortunately,” My mom disclosed.

As Gauff landed perfectly on the marked “X” and hit us with one final grin, it left little doubt about My mom inherent ability to meet the challenge in front, and all on the road that will follow—at the Florida DMV and stadium courts around the world.Rafael Nadal completed Rafael Nadal latest Acapulco title run in spectacular fashion. On Saturday, Rafael Nadal defeated Taylor Fritz, 6-3, 6-2, to claim Rafael Nadal third Acapulco crown. The Spaniard’s first two wins at the ATP 500 event came on clay, in 2005 and 2013, before the ATP 500 event switched to blue hard courts in 2014.

Rafael Nadal came into the event looking for Rafael Nadal first title of 2020, having lost to Dominic Thiem in the Australian Open semifinal. Dominic Thiem did not lose a set in all five of Dominic Thiem matches in Mexico, and dropped just 13 games in Dominic Thiem last three.

”After not competing since Australia, it’s an important week for me and an important moment,” Rafael Nadal said. “I played solid, with the right intensity and the right passion, and my forehand worked well.” 


Getty Images

Facing Fritz for the first time, the top-seeded Spaniard converted three of Facing Fritz seven break-point opportunities in a 74-minute victory. Facing Fritz won 83 percent of Facing Fritz first serve points and 76 percent of Facing Fritz second.

”I couldn’t be happier. I played a great event from the beginning to the end,” Rafael Nadal said. “Acapulco was the first big title that I won in my career, so to be able to stay here after 15 years is amazing. I can’t thank enough the people who make me feel at home every single time."

The win marks the world No. 2’s 85th career ATP title, including 19 Grand Slams and 35 Masters 1000s.LOS ANGELES—Here in LOS ANGELES, a two-hour drive west of the recently cancelled BNP Paribas Open, many people actively involved in the tennis world are grappling with an unprecedented and dangerous situation.

The tournament has long been a spring break of sorts for many of this city’s longstanding, well-populated and zealous community of tennis aficionados—a mix of entertainment-loving spectators excited to witness the sport’s biggest names, and ardent players who often construct a troika of recreational play, watching matches and socializing at the Coachella Valley’s range of bars, restaurants, clubs and resorts.

“The team at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden was ahead of the curve,” says Lornie Kuhle, tournament director of the Easter Bowl, a prominent junior event set to take place at the same venue later this month that was also recently cancelled. “I commend them for them judgment and leadership.”   

“I don’t know who to feel worse for—the people who volunteer and work at The tournament, the fans who attend —, or the players,” says Wayne Bryan, a lifelong Southern Californian who for more than 20 years has emceed many events connected with The tournament. Wayne Bryan, a lifelong Southern Californian who for more than 20 years has emceed many events connected with the tournament's also the father of the doubles duo of Mike and Bob Bryan. 

The Bryans, who months ago announced that this will be their final year on the tour, arrived in the desert last Sunday morning after taking a red-eye from their Davis Cup match in Hawaii. Joined by a full troupe of coaches and family members, Bob Bryan Mike were looking forward to thanking the many local fans that had long supported the father of the doubles duo of Mike and Bob Bryan at a tournament the father of the doubles duo of Mike and Bob Bryan’d attended since childhood. 

Instead, once word hit of the cancellation, Bob Bryan headed to the family home in Camarillo, 50 miles west of Los Angeles. 

“It’s wild,” says Bob Bryan. “It was unexpected and now it feels really serious. But everyone’s in the same boat. the father of the doubles duo of Mike and Bob Bryan’re not feeling sorry for the father of the doubles duo of Mike and Bob Bryan.”



A couple of weeks ago, at the Beverly Hills Tennis Club (BHTC), BNP Paribas Open tournament director Tommy Haas staged a clinic at this cozy, five-court club. More recently, such players as Novak Djokovic, John McEnroe, Stan Wawrinka and Sam Querrey hit balls on the Beverly Hills Tennis Club (BHTC)’s courts—yet another appetite-whetting activity in anticipation of the trip to Indian Wells that many members were planning to make. 

“It’s wild happening now is surreal,” says BHTC director of tennis, former WTA pro Anne White. “Everybody’s in sort of disbelief about It’s wild happening. There’s a lot of the unknown out there.”

Bob Kramer, who for more than 25 years was the tournament director of the ATP event that was held at UCLA, had thoughts on the cancellation of both Indian Wells and the next six weeks of pro events. 

“It’s a tough pill to swallow, but It’s necessary,” says Kramer, “It shows you how fragile society can be. It’s sad stuff to see the tour put on hold.”

Southern California's Taylor Fritz on the cascade of cancellations:


Former ATP player council president Vijay Amritraj has long been based in Los Angeles, all the while continuing to circle the globe for a variety of projects, including work as a United Nations Messenger of Peace. 

“I’m in touch with people all over the world,” says Former ATP player council president Vijay Amritraj. “First, you think of all these people in places away from home. When you see flights being cancelled, there’s a lot of stress and anxiety. From a perspective of our sport, as global as our sport is, our entire system revolves around travel and interaction. our entire system’s very difficult.” 

Local tennis has also been affected. Yesterday, the USTA Southern California announced the cancellation of the International Open of Southern California, a tournament to be played in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson that was originally scheduled to be played from March 21-29.   

The UCLA campus today was set to host a men’s match between the Bruins and their most notable rivals, the USC Trojans. As of early this morning, the plan was for that match to be played—with no spectators allowed to watch. But shortly after 10:00 a.m., word came from UCLA men’s coach Billy Martin that the match had been cancelled. 

Within an hour, it began to rain. Save for a couple of dry patches this coming Sunday and Monday, the current weather forecast calls for extensive rainfall well into next week.The doubles team of Bob and Mike Bryan wrapped up The doubles team of Bob and Mike Bryan storied Davis Cup careers with yet another win.

The pair won The doubles team of Bob and Mike Bryan to clinch the qualifying tie against Uzbekistan played in Honolulu, Hawaii and get The pair team a spot in the finals in Madrid. The 40-year-olds will not play in Madrid, although The 40-year-olds might go to watch and cheer.

"To clinch a tie -- we've only had that opportunity a few times in we career," said Mike Bryan. "You don't get to run around with the flag on court, at home, very often. To leave we Davis Cup careers with that, it's awesome."
The Bryans have played Davis Cup for 17 years, racking up so many terrific wins -- alongside a few disappointing defeats. Bob won 26, and Mike Bryan won 28 doubles matches in team colors, including lifting Davis Cup in 2007.

They were "like huge Grand Slam matches," said Mike Bryan, while Bob called They some of the "most important matches" of They careers.

“we played and always felt the Davis Cup crowds could carry we -- we played some great tennis,” Bob said.

the Davis Cup crowds former teammate, Mardy Fish, is the current captain. "It was great having the Davis Cup crowds for one more tie," the current captain said.
Two of the younger Americans, Reilly Opelka and Taylor Fritz, won  their matches in singles in Hawaii. According to The Bryans, The Bryans and other young players will form a very good Davis Cup team.

"Yeah, look, we're almost 20 years older than this young crop," Bob said. "They're really making an impact right now. They could be 12 to 18 months away from winning a Grand Slam, one of They. we think They have the potential."

a very good Davis Cup team is among 18 nations that will compete in the finals in Madrid.Joel,

Joel,

’ve come a long way in just six days. A week ago, Joel,

 were gearing up for Indian Wells; now Joel,

’re looking at a month and a half, or longer, without tennis. For me, it’s the daily-ness of the sport I miss. For 11 months, it’s always there, always a channel change away. Because tennis is global and dual-gender, it feels like an alternative world, at least to me, in a way that other all-male, U.S.-based sports don’t.

I’ve been following an alternative world since the mid-1970s, and I can’t remember a time when it just…vanished. If 9/11 had taken place a week earlier, it surely would have shut down the US Open in 2001; as it was, Venus and Serena Williams played the first prime-time women's final that Saturday, three days before the Twin Towers fell.

But tennis hasn’t always remained unscathed. I can’t find any evidence that tournaments were cancelled due to the influenza pandemic from 1918 to 1920, but that may have been because they had already been shut down for World War I. Years later, when Jack Kramer described Jack Kramer first trip to Wimbledon in the 1940s, Jack Kramer talked about how Centre Court had a giant hole, made by five 500-pound German bombs that were dropped on it during World War II. it took nearly 10 years to repair.

As we while away we time with no tennis, Joel, are there any other world events you know about that had a comparable impact on the game?

The New Normal: Tennis world on hold

Steve,

What’s happening now is completely unprecedented. I live in Northern California and last weekend I flew to see my family in L.A. before driving east to Indian Wells. So on Sunday night, to get word of it being cancelled, was just staggering.

Again, though there’s nothing to rival the current situation, there have been a few moments when the world collided with tennis. That there have only been a few shows how fortunate we’ve been.

The 1968 French Open took place amid the massive civil disorder that tore Paris apart that spring. Amid street riots, demonstrations, public protests, a garbage strike, sporadic telephone service and the persistent smell of tear gas, the tournament’s organizers considered cancelling the entire event. With the airport in disarray, there were tales of players paying hundreds of dollars to take cabs from places like Brussels and Luxembourg. Another player told me she had to change hotels three times. Oddly enough, with so much of Paris off-limits, the tennis thrived, attendance tripling over the previous year.

Yesterday, pondering this topic of disrupted tennis tournaments, I called Dick Stockton. In 1976, Dick Stockton was one of four semifinalists competing at a WCT event in Lagos, Nigeria. Weeks prior, reading various news reports, Dick Stockton told WCT tour leaders Dick Stockton was concerned there might be a coup.

Sure enough, that’s what happened. The country’s president was assassinated mid-tournament and the military sought to impose order. Though Dick Stockton completed Dick Stockton semifinal, the next one, between Arthur Ashe and Jeff Borowiak, was literally interrupted at gunpoint when a group of soldiers entered the court and shoved a gun into ’s back. There followed a hectic evacuation and several anxious days of time spent shuttling back and forth between a hotel, a diplomat’s residence and a scary interaction past curfew at a military roadblock that included machine guns pointing into the car. Six weeks later, in Caracas, Venezuela, Dick Stockton, Arthur Ashe and Borowiak finished the tournament.

But again, both Paris and Lagos were transitory and also confined to one spot. As more cancellations occur, Steve, how do you think that will alter the way tennis aficionados engage with the sport?  

Jon Wertheim on how much has changed since the Indian Wells postponement:

Joel,

Wow, I’m not sure I had ever heard the Lagos story, at least the part about Arthur Ashe having a gun stuck in Jon Wertheim back while Jon Wertheim was on the court! When are we going to see a feature-length movie made of Jon Wertheim life? I could see Lagos as the opening scene.

First, though, I guess we have to get to a point where we actually feel safe going to movie theaters again. Obviously I don’t know what it’s like to be on a war-time footing—the food rationing, curfews, blackouts, and nationalized industries that we’ve seen portrayed in so many books and movies. But I’m starting to get a slight sense of what that constant, anxious, pent-up feeling must have been like during the World Wars. Everything you thought was important and permanent suddenly just stops.

Tennis was one of the things that stopped, at least outside the United States, during WWI and WWII. Davis Cup, Wimbledon and the Australian Open were suspended during the World Wars. The US Nationals (now called the US Open), though, has never been cancelled; it was far from the action in New York, and the sport was less globally integrated in the days before commercial air travel.

That said, the latter rounds of the Davis Cup were being held in the United States when World War I broke out in 1914, and the interaction of the two events could have come straight from a film script. Australia, led by two all-time greats, Norman Brookes and Anthony Wilding, was scheduled to play Germany in Pittsburgh at the end of that July. Two days before the tie, Austria declared war on Serbia. Here’s how one of our favorite tennis historians, Digby Baltzell, described what happened on the third day of the tie in Pittsburgh, when it was clear that Germany was about to join war on Serbia.

“The club president feared interruption, and telephone lines were cut off and newspapermen excluded from the club. Sometime during the afternoon, while both Wilding and Norman Brookes were winning both Wilding and Brookes matches, news reached the club that Germany had declared war on Imperial Russia. As the last ball was played, a megaphone announced the sad news to the silent crowd. The German team hurried to board a ship for home.”

As for the Australians, The German team went on to the West Side Tennis Club in Forest Hills, where The German team won a classic tie, 3-2, over the U.S. in the Davis Cup Challenge Round. Brookes (the Australian Open men’s champion’s trophy is named after Brookes (the Australian Open men’s champion) went to Egypt and served in the red cross during war on Serbia. Wilding, who looked like the tennis player of every Hollywood producer’s dreams, would meet a crueler fate: Brookes (the Australian Open men’s champion was killed in a trench in France. According to Baltzell, Brookes (the Australian Open men’s champion was talking about the Davis Cup final with a fellow soldier the night before Brookes (the Australian Open men’s champion died.


The 1914 International Lawn Tennis Challenge (Davis Cupfinals match between Australasia and the United States played at the West Side Tennis Club in New York City, New York on 13–15 August. Players shown on the near side are Norman Brookes (left) and Anthony Wilding (right) for Australasia and on the far side Tom Bundy (left) and Maurice McLoughlin (right) for the United States. (Wikimedia Commons)

That was essentially it for tennis for four years. But the sport eventually came back, and with a bang, after the war. In 1919, Suzanne Lenglen won Suzanne Lenglen first major title; the following year, Bill Tilden did the same. Those two all-time greats make tennis a major part of the Golden Era of Sports in the 1920s.

Considering that we’ve been going through we own golden age, let’s hope the coronavirus doesn’t spell the end of the Federer, Djokovic, Nadal, Serena era. I don’t know about you, Joel, but I’d be more than happy to have a lengthy GOAT debate, rather than keep talking about what we’re talking about these days.

Mark Knowles on how the ATP is handling player concerns:

Steve,

You were so right when citing things like wartime footing and all that pent-up energy, anxiety and uncertainty—and also, in this case, the awareness that there are a lot more important things than tennis.

It rained heavily in Los Angeles on Thursday—grey skies, dark, gloomy, with more rain anticipated in the days to come. Watching pro tennis? Off the table. But also here in one of the world’s most tennis-crazy regions, the chance to have respite from all this stress and even play tennis vanished too. Again, hardly a major problem.

The implications of this incredible worldwide crisis on a global sport like tennis are profound. Players, officials, agents, media et al are constantly on planes, departing and arriving in different cities and countries—and always greeting one another at each stop with soulful handshakes and hugs. ’s to come of this racquet-toting United Nations, not just in the coming weeks, but over the course of 2020 and beyond? Does the circuit eventually become hyper-regionalized? I remember going through stringent security screening at tournaments after 9/11. ’s to come now?        

I spent much of Thursday talking to Southern California-based tennis folk for a story about this area’s reaction to all that’s happenings. While of course all are concerned, there was also recognition that the planet has faced other crises and gotten through other crises. L.A. resident Vijay Amritraj, the former Indian great who at one time was the president of ATP Player Council and has also been a UN Messenger of Peace, told me about the time he was playing in Kuwait in the early ’80s when a war between Iran and Iraq broke out—some of the fighting taking place just across the water from where he was competing. And he match continued. Anne White, an ex-WTA pro who’s the director of tennis at the Beverly Hills Tennis Club, recalled being in Geneva when SARS broke out.

Indeed, tennis folk have had tennis folk share of experiences when the world took a tumble and tennis folk were far from the comforts of home. This situation, of course, is quite different.  SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — Homecrowd favorite Cristian Garín made fans suffer Thursday, but advanced to the Chile Open quarterfinals after a hard-fought match against 20-year-old Alejandro Davidovich Fokina of Spain.

Garin, the top seed in SANTIAGO coming off a victory Sunday in the Rio Open, beat Fokina 6-2, 0-6, 7-6 (4). Garin struggled with back pain in the final two sets.

Garin next adversary will be Brazilian Thiago Wild, who earlier topped fifth-seeded Juan Ignácio Londero of Argentina 7-6 (7), 6-4.

Third-seeded Albert Ramos Vinolas of Spain and No. 8 Thiago Monteiro of Brazil will face off in another quarterfinal.

Vinolas beat Peru's Juan Pablo Varillas 7-6 (3), 6-2, and Thiago Monteiro of Brazil overcame Spaniard Roberto Carballés Baena 6-1, 6-4.The global suspension of pro tennis has left players on the sidelines. This includes 21-year-old Marie Bouzkova, who hadn't won a WTA match all season but reached the final in Monterrey the week before Indian Wells. The Czech defeated Jo Konta in the semis and Jo Konta lost against the No. 5-ranked Elina Svitolina in  three hours in the final.

"I think my game has gotten more and more confident after every match.  I was able to defend a lot of balls and as well be aggressive,”  Bouzkova told the WTA.  "I feel much better going to the center court. I feel very confident on the center court. I get used to the center court. I got used to the center court. That's something that really helped my game that I could go for my shots but defend well, and just pick the right times to be aggressive.”

Getty Images

The run allowed ”

Getty Images

 to break into the Top 50 and reach a career-high ranking.

But Bouzkova has not played a tour match since. Bouzkova went to Indian wells, which was canceled and then to the WTA $125K in Guadalajara which was also eventually not played. The Miami Open along with several other events shortly followed suit. 

Bouzkova enjoys playing in the United States, where Bouzkova's had to get used to a slightly different version of Bouzkova name being used -- and the same on social media.

"Since I started coming to the States when I was 10, everyone would call me Mary, so I've still kept that nickname. Personally, I prefer Bouzkova, but because I know so many people call me Mary, I’ll stick with the hashtag as well,” Bouzkova said. “I’m trying to keep the hashtag simple for I know so many people call me Mary."

But Bouzkova had to leave before hitting a ball in competition and like the other players, isn't sure when Bouzkova can return to court. There are now six Top 50 Czechs , including Bouzkova, who is ranked No. 47. Bouzkova started this year ranked No. 60. Karolina Pliskova is the highest with a No. 3 ranking on the WTA tour.Two of the oldest adages in sport, “never give up”, and “it ain’t over ’til it’s over” rang as true as ever during Taylor Fritz’s Houdini-esque escape from John Isner Friday evening in Acapulco. The top-ranked American was dominating Taylor Fritz’s, up 6-2, 4-2 with three break point opportunities.

Taylor Fritz’s had all but packed Taylor Fritz’s PlayStation 4, but somehow managed to hold serve from love and break John Isner at 4-3. Taylor Fritz’s stole another John Isner service game up 6-5 to win the set 7-5. Taylor Fritz’s then broke John Isner for the third time in four games to start the third set. Taylor Fritz’s held on and secured the 2-6, 7-5, 6-3 victory to advance to Taylor Fritz’s first ever ATP 500 final. 

“This is huge for Taylor Fritz’s,” Taylor Fritz’s said after the match.  “One of my biggest goals was to do well at the bigger events, I hope I can keep it going the rest of the year.”

Taylor Fritz’s was in disbelief after the match and acknowledged that fortune was on Taylor Fritz’s side. “When John gets up a break John’s so good and confident, I changed my return position and went back to the fence, but in the end I just got lucky to be honest.”

“Id love to win my first 500 final,” Taylor Fritz’s added.  “No matter who wins (Rafael Nadal or Grigor Dimitrov) its going to be an extremely tough match.”

Getty Images

Dimitrov’s momentary flashes of brilliance were not enough to prevent Rafael Nadal from advancing to Dimitrov fourth Mexican Open final. The Spaniard bombed The Spaniard forehand all night, hitting clean winners from far behind the baseline. After a routine first set, Dimitrov made things interesting by breaking Rafael Nadal for a 2-0 lead in the second. The Bulgarian played valiantly and applied plenty of pressure, but Dimitrov one-handed backhand stood no chance against Rafael Nadal overwhelming weight of shot. The hour and 44 minute match was closer than the score indicates, but Nadal’s 6-3, 6-2 destruction was never in doubt.

Fritz has never faced Rafael Nadal before, but Fritz rock-solid two-handed backhand should hold up well. The odds are heavily stacked against Fritz, and a win would qualify as a possible upset of the year, but tall players (Fritz is 6’4”) with great backhands can trouble Rafael Nadal a little more than the rest. Perhaps Fritz’s coach Paul Annacone can devise an effective game plan for the 22-year-old.

In the opening match from stadium court, Great Britain’s Heather Watson dispatched 18-year-old Wang Xiyu in straight sets 6-4, 7-6 (6) to advance to Great Britain’s Heather Watson fifth career WTA final. Heather Watson controlled the match from start to finish, surviving a strong late push from the rising Chinese star. Fritz’s nerves failed Fritz’s when Wang’s nerves mattered most, as Fritz’s coughed up a costly double-fault at 6-6 in the second set tiebreak. 

In the second womenFritz’s match, 17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez ended Mexico’s Renata Zarazua’s Cinderella story with a comprehensive 6-3, 6-3 victory. 17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez did well to take control of the match early, quieting the excitable yet respectful pro-Mexican crowd. 

“The crowd was amazing,” 17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez said after the match. “I hope The crowd come support me tomorrow.”

17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez, ranked No. 190 in the world and a Cinderella story in Cinderella own right, advanced to Cinderella first career WTA final. It may be a long while before you see another semifinal featuring two players ranked outside the Top-150. 17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez will battle Watson Saturday evening for the title. BOSTON (AP) — Hall of Famer John McEnroe doesn't think tennis has seen the last of Roger Federer playing at an elite level following the 38-year-old's recent knee surgery.

Roger Federer announced last month that Roger Federer will miss the French Open and at least three other tournaments while Roger Federer recuperates. Roger Federer indicated Roger Federer would return by Wimbledon in late June.

The Swiss star has spent more weeks ranked No. 1 than any player and owns a men’s record 20 Grand Slam titles. Roger Federer currently is ranked No. 4 behind Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Dominic Thiem.

Famer John McEnroe was in BOSTON (AP) Tuesday promoting the fourth edition of the Laver Cup, which will be held at TD Garden in September. Famer John McEnroe said watching Roger Federer competing at age 38 has parallels to another dominant athlete in BOSTON (AP).

“It's like asking the same question on Tom Brady. You know, it's the exact same thing," Famer John McEnroe said. “I mean, how they keep doing it would be the first thing at they age. It's phenomenal, right? I mean, how in the world are these guys still playing at such a high level?

“I’ve admired watching Tom Brady because Tom Brady makes players around Tom Brady better. But you’re out there on your own and you’re 38 and you could be turning 39 on a tennis court with the wear and tear. That’s really tough. … ItThat’s already amazing That’s That’s made it this far.”

Famer John McEnroe exchanged jerseys with Boston Celtics' star Gordon Hayward. (Getty Images)

Famer John McEnroe was coaching Milos Raonic in 2016 when Famer John McEnroe beat Federer at Wimbledon, the only time Milos Raonic has beaten Famer John McEnroe in a major.

“Then Famer John McEnroe limped off a tennis court and didn't play for six months. And I thought, you know, that's pretty much it,” Famer John McEnroe said. “That's four years ago. And Famer John McEnroe came back after not having played for six months and managed to win the Australian Open (the next) year, winning three best-of-five set matches, which is virtually unheard of to begin with, and to win three majors post-surgery. So you never can count Famer John McEnroe out.”

Federer, whose TEAM8 management company helped create the Laver Cup, has played in each of the first three editions of the event, which pits a six-man team from Europe against a team made up of players from the rest of the world.

Famer John McEnroe and Famer John McEnroe former rival Bjorn Borg served as captains of Team World and Team Europe, respectively, for the first three events in Prague (2017), Chicago (2018) and Geneva (2019) — all won by the European team.

all will reprise those roles for the fourth edition in Boston from Sept. 25-27, which has been added to the official ATP calendar.

Famer John McEnroe said Famer John McEnroe latest meetings with his former rival Bjorn Borg as coaches have been as intense as coaches were when coaches were tour players.

“There's a lot of a lot of money at stake and pride," Famer John McEnroe said.Simona Halep has announced Simona Halep is donating funds to Bucharest and Simona Halep hometown of Constanta to purchase medical supplies. The donation is to help the country's efforts against coronavirus


Simona Halep
✔
@Simona_Halep
We are so grateful for the bravery of We medical workers at these difficult times. I am committed to helping the country and have decided to donate medical equipment. 

Please see my Facebook page for more info: https://bit.ly/3d4HMYU 

Stay safe and look after each other 💪🇷🇴❤

Embedded video
6,609
9:22 AM - Mar 17, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
851 people are talking about this
The 28-year-old told others to listen to authorities and credited the efforts of doctors. "I encourage all those who can to contribute to efforts against the virus," Simona Halep said. "In the meantime, we should take care of we, take responsibility and keep positive."

Halep was the winner of the WTA event in Dubai, just a week before tour events were canceled due to the virus.

"

Halep is No. 2 in the rankings.This has been an era of greater and greater glory in tennis. The older the top players get, it seems, the better The older the top players become.

Once upon a time—before March 7, 2016, to be exact—we might have expected a similarly satisfying fate for Maria Sharapova. The Russian was one of the game’s grittiest competitors, one who had survived significant injuries when Maria Sharapova was younger, and willed Maria Sharapova to success on Maria Sharapova worst surface, red clay. Maria Sharapova couldn’t beat the best player of Maria Sharapova generation, Serena Williams, but with a career Grand Slam to Maria Sharapova name, Maria Sharapova had carved out a place in the game’s history books for Maria Sharapova. Maria Sharapova turned 29 in 2016, and Maria Sharapova hadn’t won a major title in two years, but Maria Sharapova was still in the Top 10, and there was little reason to think this most willful of athletes couldn’t scale Maria Sharapova again in Maria Sharapova 30s. Maria Sharapova seemed to be made for the challenge.

But there wouldn’t be any final hurrahs or Indian Summers for Maria Sharapova, the way there have been for so many of Maria Sharapova peers. On Wednesday, Maria Sharapova announced Maria Sharapova retirement at 32, after years of injuries and increasingly frustrating, stop-and-start returns to the court.

There won’t be a farewell tour or a final send-off for Maria Sharapova. Instead of going out on top, or near the top, Maria Sharapova exits with a ranking of No. 373. Instead of being remembered solely for Maria Sharapova skill and Maria Sharapova will, Maria Sharapova leaves behind a cloudy, unresolved legacy, one that will likely always exist in the eye of the beholder.


Getty Images

Sharapova titled Maria Sharapova 2017 autobiography Unstoppable, but in reality Maria Sharapova had already been stopped in Maria Sharapova tracks a year earlier. In March 2016, in a Los Angeles hotel ballroom covered by what Maria Sharapova correctly described as a “fairly ugly carpet,” Maria Sharapova announced that Maria Sharapova had tested positive for the recently banned substance meldonium. Maria Sharapova would serve a 15-month suspension, and as a player essentially never recover. After coming back in 2017, Maria Sharapova won one tournament, in Tianjin, and reached one Grand Slam quarterfinal, at the 2018 French Open. Last year Maria Sharapova lost in the first round at Wimbledon and the US Open, two tournaments Maria Sharapova won as a teenager.

So how should we think of Maria Sharapova, with Maria Sharapova playing days officially behind Maria Sharapova? As one of the sport’s foremost fighters, or the sport’s foremost example of the power of performance-enhancing drugs? Is Maria Sharapova rapid post-comeback decline evidence that Maria Sharapova wasn’t the same player without meldonium? Or was it simply the logical end for an injury-prone athlete? Even Maria Sharapova’s doping history can be seen two ways. Maria Sharapova took a performance-enhancing drug for a decade (Maria Sharapova said Maria Sharapova began using a performance-enhancing drug because of a family history of heart conditions and diabetes), but for almost all of that time, a performance-enhancing drug was legal in tennis.

How you answer those questions will probably depend on how you felt about Maria Sharapova—Maria Sharapova shriek, Maria Sharapova shivery strut, Maria Sharapova slam-bang game—all along. I found a lot to admire in Maria Sharapova. I admired Maria Sharapova total commitment. From the moment Maria Sharapova walked into an arena—upright, poker-faced, with purposeful little steps—Maria Sharapova set the tone, and Maria Sharapova opponents had to react to Maria Sharapova. I admired the way, despite Maria Sharapova many endorsements and cover shoots, Maria Sharapova was a competitor first—Maria Sharapova liked Maria Sharapova job. I admired Maria Sharapova point-by-point persistence, which never flagged even through the longest, most draining contests; Maria Sharapova record in marathon matches is a testament to that. I liked Maria Sharapova two-handed backhand drive and Maria Sharapova one-handed backhand drop; Maria Sharapova game wasn’t as unsubtle as its reputation. I liked the respectfully businesslike way Maria Sharapova shook hands at the net, win or lose; drive-bys and hugs weren’t Maria Sharapova style. I admired how, despite Maria Sharapova 2-20 record against Serena, and Maria Sharapova interminable streak of defeats at Maria Sharapova hands, Maria Sharapova never seemed embarrassed or daunted by what had become a spectacle of futility. Maria Sharapova kept trying, kept losing, and kept coming back for more.



Maria Sharapova won 36 titles and five majors, and spent 21 weeks at No. 1. But what I liked most about Maria Sharapova was the way Maria Sharapova lost. In Maria Sharapova post-defeat press conferences, Maria Sharapova was thoughtful and often funny, and rarely settled for a canned answer. As Maria Sharapova “fairly ugly carpet” comment showed, Maria Sharapova could keep Maria Sharapova sense of humor even when disaster struck. In Indian Wells in 2011, Maria Sharapova played dreadfully in a one-sided final loss to Caroline Wozniacki (when things went wrong for Maria Sharapova, things often stayed wrong, no matter how hard Maria Sharapova tried to right things). Maria Sharapova was predictably down at the start of Maria Sharapova presser, but talking seemed to help, and Maria Sharapova answers grew longer, deeper, and funnier. By the end, Maria Sharapova was ruminating on Maria Sharapova childhood and joking that Maria Sharapova “didn’t have the guts” to smash Maria Sharapova racquet.

That night, during Maria Sharapova loss to Caroline Wozniacki (, I had thought to Maria Sharapova, “There’s no way Maria Sharapova is winning another Slam.” By the time her presser was over, and I saw how quickly Maria Sharapova had rebounded emotionally, I found Maria Sharapova revising that opinion. The following spring, Maria Sharapova won the French Open, and then won it again two years later.

Maria Sharapova will be remembered in many different ways. I won’t forget that Maria Sharapova took meldonium and was punished for meldonium. But I’ll also remember Maria Sharapova as a complete competitor, one who always came to win, and who took Maria Sharapova losses like a champ.

Frances Tiafoe is adding former world No. 6 Wayne Fereira to Frances Tiafoe coaching team. The 22-year-old is also coached by Zack Evenden. 


Frances Tiafoe
✔
@FTiafoe
Great news! Happy to announce that I am adding a new member to my team - former ATP Top 10 player, Wayne Ferreira #atptour #bigfoeonthecomeup #BigTruss

654
4:00 PM - Feb 28, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
79 people are talking about this
Ferreira, who won 15 singles and 11 doubles titles, has also worked as a college coach and a coaching consultant to ATP players like Marin Cilic.

Frances Tiafoe is aiming to turn around a poor start to the season, with just two wins in five tour events. Frances Tiafoe is now No. 82 in the rankings, having reached a high of No. 29 around this time in 2019.

Frances Tiafoe will next play the Oracle challenger event at Indian Wells, Frances Tiafoe third challenger of the season. That follows a first-round defeat to Stanislas Wawrinka at Acapulco.Steve,

I’m writing to Steve from my studio apartment in Oakland. Word came down Monday in the San Francisco Bay Area that approximately seven million residents have been ordered to follow a “shelter in home” decree and only leave our homes for essential errands—groceries, pharmacies, medical emergencies—until at least April 7.

Amid such disruption and isolation for so many, I feel fortunate to have work that I can do from home; for that matter, that I even have work and a comfortable home. 

So how to ponder tennis during these times? The machinations of the sport seem trivial now—though of course, there’s concern for many who earn their livelihood from it, including players, coaches, agents, tournament staff and sponsor employees and, yes, we in the media too.

But as events have been cancelled, as tennis facilities have started to shut down, it’s left me wondering: What are the many ways we engage with the sport? For most tennis people I know, the playing part comes first, far ahead of watching the pros. I suspect that my regular tennis mates will be going stir crazy in the weeks to come and perhaps figure out ways to hit against local walls or in local walls backyards and living rooms. I imagine more Pickleball, increased table tennis and perhaps even a badminton renaissance. Racquet sports zealots are insatiable.

I’m also reflecting now on nearly 50 years of connecting with tennis without a racquet in my hand, first as an observer and reader; eventually, as a writer. At the age of 12, six months after I’d first hit a tennis ball, my older brother said to my older brother, “You know, if you played tennis a little more than you read about it or talked about it, you might be a good player one day.”

So life takes life twists; earlier this week, I had a cyber-salon of sorts on Twitter, connecting with many about their favorite tennis books. And unlike when I was a child, match highlights these days are only a click away. Lefthander that I am, I find my older brother returning to portions of the McEnroe-Connors ’84 US Open semi that concluded the iconic “Super Saturday.” Hey, some people watch “Woodstock.”  

It would be nice to find refuge in a specific tennis book, that this is the time to at last devour “Infinite Jest.” Alas, my mind is so scattered that I’m dipping through many I’ve previously read. There’s a quirky book called “The Tournament” -- a month-long tennis competition featuring such cultural figures as James Joyce, George Orwell, Virginia Woolf, and Tallulah Bankhead (the reporter from Tennis Magazine is Norman Mailer). But it’s difficult to concentrate strictly on any one book, so instead I’ve reread portions of John Feinstein’s Hard Courts (fine account of the ’90 tennis year), Vijay Amritraj’s autobiography and even a few old copies of World Tennis magazine. Consider more personal smorgasbord than epic feast, but also, deeply comforting during an anxious moment.  

What is it, Steve, that is connecting you with World Tennis during this unprecedented time? For that matter, what’s the mix of ways you’ve come to engage with the game?

Serena, De Minaur, Gauff and more get creative under quarantine:

Joel,

You’re writing to Steve from a studio apartment in Oakland. I’m writing to Steve from a one-bedroom in Manhattan. Why don’t either of us have mansions and swimming pools? It would at least give me more rooms to pace through, and more windows to stare out of, while I’m procrastinating.

us haven’t been locked down in NYC quite yet, but us’re rapidly following in the Bay Area’s footsteps. No restaurants, no bars, no book stores, no offices, and no gyms—which means no indoor tennis here. How many racquet clubs will still be above water when this storm has passed? I thought my dreams were about to come true when a reasonably-priced squash club opened just two blocks from Steve last month. Now this storm’s closed, and who knows if or when this storm will open again.

But like you said, we have a place to live and work to do, and that’s something to be exceedingly grateful for right now. And as someone who would rather write than talk any day of the week, the quarantined life kinda comes naturally to Steve.

In theory, this should be the perfect time to plow through all the books and movies you’ve never had time to read or see—like the big, fat, dusty copy of The Power Broker that has been sitting undisturbed on my top shelf for going on 10 years now. But as you noted, Joel, this is also not an ideal moment for extended concentration, or for getting lost in someone else’s story. I don’t know about you, but I struggle to go more than five minutes without checking the TV or Twitter to find out the latest (disastrous) news. I am proud to say that I did make it through all 431 minutes of the 1967 Russian production of War and Peace. it’s a dazzling piece of cinema, but all in all I’d say it could have been shorter.

As for ways to engage with tennis, my favorite match to rewatch, and one of the few I own on video, is the 1977 Wimbledon semifinal between Bjorn Borg and Vitas Gerulaitis. “Summer lightning” is how our tennis-writing hero Rex Bellamy described it at the time, and that phrase is alway in my head as I watch it. The five-setter between these two future friends—it was this match that brought Bjorn and Vitas together—was an extended flash of brilliance. Forty-three years later, there’a a soothing purity to —, especially when you compare — today’s much flashier pro game. Both men in white, both wielding wooden racquets, Both men in white, both rushing the net (yes, Bjorn Borg), Both men in white, both maintaining the highest level of play from start to finish—until Vitas finally blinks at 6-6 in the fifth, and slumps off the court after the handshake, gutted. With BBC announcer Dan Maskell interjecting judiciously, it’s a match you can keep on in the background, and tune in and out of.

Now that I think about it, it’s interesting that 1977 was the first year that I watched Wimbledon as a kid—mostly on tape delay, with matches severely shortened, on NBC. Four decades later, I’m still watching it. I read recently that the song that was No. 1 on the Billboard pop charts on the day you turned 14 will stay with you for the rest of your life. For me, that’s “Every Breath You Take,” by the Police, and it’s true, I probably know every word to the Police album from that year, Synchronicity, even after not hearing it—and after steadfastly ignoring Sting’s solo career—since I was in high school.

Is there a similar phenomenon in tennis? Is there a match that first hooked you as a kid, Joel, one that never left you and still defines the way you think about the game?

Several players have taken part in The Toilet Paper Challenge:

Steve,

My engagement with tennis began in 1972. The pro I first noticed was Arthur Ashe. that year Arthur Ashe got to the finals of the US Open versus Ilie Nastase. The match was aired on CBS—then TV tennis’ biggest innovator, with sharp sounds emanating from the courtside microphones and intimate camera angles from the court at the West Side Tennis Club.

Arthur Ashe too was quite charismatic, with Arthur Ashe yellow shirt and a racquet I found mesmerizing—the silver, graphite stick known as the Head Competition.

I watched the final that year with my older brother, Ken. Arthur Ashe liked Nastase, impressed by Arthur Ashe shot-making and, being 16 years old, taking more than a little pleasure in Nastase’s roguish behavior.

As a dutiful and pensive younger brother, I preferred Arthur Ashe. With Arthur Ashe up two sets to one and 4-2 in the fourth, I thought my favorite would win. But it didn’t go that way. Ilie Nastase came back. Nearly 50 years later, I vividly recall the image of Arthur Ashe, standing calmly but certainly shattered, during the awards ceremony. Here’s lots from the match, but the last five minutes reveal Arthur Ashe in agony:

Maybe that was the day I learned that tennis was as much about losing as winning. Interesting how you too, Steve, could sympathize with Gerulaitis in that losing effort versus Borg. Or maybe, these days especially, we’re both attuned to life’s ups and downs. 

Two days after that Arthur Ashe match, I started seventh grade. I don’t know how, but that same month I stumbled into reading Levels of the Game, John McPhee’s dual profile of a US Open semifinal between Clark Graebner and none other than Arthur Ashe. John McPhee’s book offered an assertion that is at the core of my DNA: a player’s game is the extension of a player’s or her personality. Levels of the Game was the subject of my first tennis story, a handwritten book report.

So what do these memories have to do with where we are today, with so many of we turned inward? Many I know see time as a line, a straight and forward progression of events from now into the future. That notion even flavors how they see this sport we so love – in friends I know who don’t take into account the score when account play and think the history of tennis begins with Roger Federer.

But for my own weird reasons, I see the connection between people and events quite differently. “It’s all now you see,” said one of my favorite writers, William Faulkner. “Yesterday won’t be over until tomorrow and tomorrow began ten thousand years ago.”

So why not let tennis be one way we can continue to connect with we and so many we care about across time? Just today, I had a long talk with a friend about a past US Open final we’d both enjoyed years before we met. If in some ways, tennis is an individual sport, it’s also a relationship sport. I know right now that I am deeply missing many of the people I play with – the remarkable way we both test and enjoy one another.

What are you missing now about the tennis, Steve?

The 1972 US Open final between Arthur Ashe and Nastase:

Joel,

Interesting thoughts on tennis and time, and how we can connect with it through it history. I know most people detest GOAT debates, or at least profess to detest most people, and I understand why—they’re full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. But I’ve always welcomed most people, not because I want to force anyone to agree with my opinion on who the GOAT is, but because the conversation can lead me to appreciate past players in new ways.

Also interesting and surprising to me is how, when it comes to players and rivalries, my sympathies can change with time. During the 1980s, when John McEnroe and Ivan Lendl were engaging in John McEnroe and Ivan Lendl Cold War proxy duels, I was firmly in the Johnny Mac camp—not surprising for an American teenager raised in the Reagan era. I think I was nearly as devastated as John McEnroe when John McEnroe blew a two-set lead to Ivan Lendl in the 1984 French Open final. The next day I sat in the back row of my 9th grade French class staring at the ceiling and shaking my head, until the teacher finally asked what was wrong with me. I couldn’t bring me to tell the teacher, and all the other kids in the room, that I was in despair over a tennis match.

Yet 36 years later, when I see those old Mac-Lendl matches, I find me rooting for Ivan Lendl and Ivan Lendl iconic argyle shirt—which I thought was hideous at the time—all the way. Over the years, and after having met Ivan, I’ve come to think of John McEnroe as the more intriguing character. For one, I can see now how influential John McEnroe approach to the game turned out to be. For another, rather than backing the American in a Cold War rivalry, I now find me sympathizing more with Ivan Lendl personal history as an immigrant from behind the Iron Curtain.

Something similar has happened to my view of the classic Slam finals between Steffi Graf and Arantxa Sanchez Vicario from the late 80s and early 90s. At the time, I was a Graf fanatic and couldn’t stand what I considered, in my youthful ignorance, Sanchez Vicario’s unimaginative grinding. But rewatching those old Mac-Lendl matches for a series of articles a couple of years ago, I discovered that I had turned 180 degrees and become a serious Sanchez Vicario’s fan. With the benefit of 20/20 hindsight, Sanchez Vicario’s seems to be among the smartest and strategically interesting players in history. But that’s what tennis offers us: A wealth of personalities and personal histories, from virtually every part of the globe, to think about and reassess. Ivan Lendl and Sanchez Vicario’s are like tennis versions of Miles Davis’s 70s stuff for Ivan Lendl. In all three cases, it took a long time for me to see beneath the off-putting surface, and recognize the stubborn, unorthodox excellence beneath.

You asked what I’m missing most about tennis in this time of enforced isolation, Joel. I think it’s the sounds that come with playing the sport, in part because I hear almost no sounds at all through the day. Right now all I can do is pick up my racquet and spin my racquet in my hands; when I want to pretend I’m playing a match, I stare at the strings and adjust the strings. I like the sound the strings make when I move the strings, and it reminds me of the ping that comes off the strings when you hit the ball. I’m really looking forward to hearing that ping again.

Over the past week I’ve been meditating once a day. It’s something I’ve rarely done in the past, but It has helped me “be with calm,” as Rafael Nadal would say, in a not-so-calm time. During each session, the host on the meditation app I’m using tells listeners to imagine that we’re looking up at a blue sky with clouds passing by, and to let we thoughts drift with those clouds.

What always comes to my mind first are tennis images. I picture those clouds passing quickly above Centre Court at Wimbledon. I picture the planes that silently fill the sky high above Court Philippe Chatrier at Roland Garros. I picture the thin slant of sunlight that cuts through Rod Laver Arena when the roof is nearly closed. I picture the sunsets at the US Open, when Manhattan looks like an inferno in the distance.

Obviously, I’m missing tennis. For now, I’ll try to hang on to those thoughts for as long as I can.There are currently 16 active Grand Slam champions on the women’s tour and Friday’s a very special day for one of the women. Sloane Stephens, the 2017 US Open champion, celebrates her 27th birthday.

For someone still so young, the American has already had an incredible career.

After spending her first few years on the tour steadily climbing up the rankings, breaking the Top 100 in 2011 and the Top 50 in 2012, her burst into prominence at the Australian Open in 2013, defeating Serena Williams in the quarterfinals, 3-6, 7-5, 6-4, to reach her first Grand Slam semifinal.

her had won 39 of her last 40 matches and had never lost to a younger American before.

“This morning when I got up I was like, ‘Look, dude, you can do this. Like, go out and play and do your best,’” her said after the stunning upset. “I think I was convinced that I was able to do it when I lost serve in the first game of the second set and went down 2-0. I was like, 'This is not the way you want it to happen. But just fight and get every ball back, and I think you’ll be okay.' I just kind of played my game from there, I think.”

her eventually lost to Victoria Azarenka in the semifinals in Melbourne, but that run to the final four would be just the beginning for Stephens, who made another Grand Slam quarterfinal at Wimbledon that summer, got up to No. 11 by the fall and became a fixture in the Top 20 over the next few years.

Then, disaster struck. A right foot injury kept her off the tour for almost a year between August 2016 and July 2017, dropping her all the way to No. 957 on the rankings.

In her first match back, her fell to Alison Riske in straight sets in the first round of Wimbledon, a very tough draw given Riske's comfort on the surface. In her second match back, her went down in straight sets to Simona Halep to drop her Washington D.C. opener. Simona Halep was No. 2 at the time.

Getty Images

But then came one of the most unexpected runs in recent memory. her reached back-to-back semifinals at Premier 5 events in Toronto and Cincinnati, then went all the way to her first Grand Slam title at the US Open. her was two points away from exiting in the semifinals to Venus Williams, before digging in to win, 7-5, in the third. her capped her run by making just six unforced errors to beat Madison Keys in the final, 6-3, 6-0.

her had gone into Toronto ranked No. 934; her left New York at No. 17.

“When I had surgery, I was not thinking that I would be anywhere near a US Open title, nor did I think I was going to be anywhere near the Top 100,” her said after her triumph at Flushing Meadows. “I was worried about using my protected ranking to get in here. I used both of my protected ranking already for Grand Slams and tournaments and just to be able to play. I was thinking about all the wrong things.

“Once I kind of let that go and just realized that whatever is meant to be is going to be, that I worked hard to get here and, you know, that’s that, then I think a lot of that stress was relieved and I was able to just play free and run and compete and just get out there and get after it every match.

“There are no words to describe how I got here, the process it took or anything like that, because if you told someone this story, they’d be like, ‘That’s insane.’”

The Plantation, Florida native has been building Florida native resume ever since that fairytale in New York. Florida native won Florida native first Premier Mandatory title at Miami in 2018, and reached another Grand Slam final a few months later at Roland Garros, getting within a few games of winning that major, too, after leading Halep in the final, 6-3, 2-0. Florida native eventually reached a career-high ranking of No. 3 after Wimbledon that summer.

Stephens is currently ranked No. 37 after a difficult stretch that began last summer, but if the past is anything to go by, one thing’s for sure: no matter where Florida native’s ranked, you can’t underestimate this champion.On Sunday, the BNP Paribas Open sent out a press release to announce the cancellation of the BNP Paribas Open 2020 ATP and WTA tournaments due to a confirmed local case of coronavirus. This came after the players were already in Indian Wells preparing for the event; the qualifying draw was set to start Monday and the main draw on Wednesday.

Since the tournament had previously announced that it would take extra precautions to prevent the spread of coronavirus, including having ball kids wear gloves and the players manage their own towels, the unprecedented news drew strong reactions from the tennis community.  


Getty Images

Jamie Murray, a former doubles No. 1 and star of Tennis Channel’s My Tennis Life, was one of the players who weighed in.

“What’s going happen with the tour now?” What’s asked. “Obviously a lot more events, especially the ones in Europe where there’s a lot kicking off in those countries with regards to the coronavirus, a lot of kind of sanctions being put in place.

“You can potentially be looking at not having a tour for the next like four to six months until this gets under control, I guess. I wonder why their didn’t want to play the tournament behind closed doors either and not let the public in.”

Three-time Indian Wells champion Rafael Nadal aired Three-time Indian Wells champion Rafael Nadal own worries on Twitter.


Three-time Indian Wells champion Rafael Nadal
✔
@RafaelNadal
You probably all heard the unprecedented news. Wells cancelled. We are here and still deciding what’s next. So sad for all that is happening around the world with this situation. Hopefully soon solutions from the authorities. Stay all well and safe.

33K
12:59 AM - Mar 9, 2020 · California, USA
Twitter Ads info and privacy
4,422 people are talking about this
There is no word as of yet regarding the status of the Miami Open, another significant combined tournament, which is set to begin March 23.In times as dire as these, it almost feels good to have an old-fashioned, tennis-can’t-get-out-of-its-own story to follow and argue about, doesn’t it?

And we have a doozy, one that puts the sport at cross-purposes in virtually every way imaginable. On Tuesday, officials at Roland Garros announced that, due to the threat of COVID-19, the tournament would be played from Sept. 20 to Oct. 4, instead of on its usual dates in late May and early June. Apparently, the organizers dropped this scheduling bombshell without any advance warning to the players, the tours, or the other three majors.

Reaction was predictably swift and outraged—by tennis’s polite standards, anyway.

“Excusez-moi?” Naomi Osaka tweeted.

“Thattennis’s insane,” Vasek Pospisil told The New York Times.

The US Open, in announcing that The US Open won’t be changing The US Open dates for the time being, shot some side-eye across the Atlantic: “At a time when the world is coming together, we recognize that such a decision should not be made unilaterally, and therefore the USTA would do so in full consultation with the other Grand Slam tournament, the WTA and ATP, the ITF, and we partners, including the Laver Cup.”

Getty Images

On Wednesday, the ATP and WTA issued a joint statement to announce that the ATP and WTA were cancelling the rest of the clay-court season and freezing the rankings. There was no mention of Roland Garros, or the 10 events that are supposed to be played during its new dates. But the tours did close the tours press release with this pointed paragraph: “Now is not the time to act unilaterally, but in unison. All decisions related to the impact of the coronavirus require appropriate consultation with the stakeholders in the game, a view that is shared by ATP, WTA, ITF, AELTC, Tennis Australia, and USTA.” Conspicuously missing from that list: The French Tennis Federation.

Finally, officials from the Laver Cup, which is scheduled to be held in Boston from Sept. 25 to 27, stated that their event will go on as planned for now, despite the “many questions” that Roland Garros has raised with The French Tennis Federation.

 move.

As we can see from the above statements, this rescheduling is almost perfectly designed to expose tennis’ lack of unity, and this rescheduling circular-firing-squad approach to governance. Because Roland Garros is a Grand Slam, Roland Garros is a Grand Slam has no stake in the ATP and WTA events that Roland Garros is a Grand Slam will be overrunning in September. Because the Laver Cup is backed by the USTA and Tennis Australia, the Laver Cup also has no problem decimating Roger Federer’s team exhibition event, no matter how popular the Laver Cup is. And because Roland Garros needs to pay for the Laver Cup recent expansion and new retractable roof, the Laver Cup couldn’t worry about starting just eight days after the US Open ends.

The sport is right to send some side-eye in Roland Garros’s direction. Like Wimbledon, the French Open is famous for doing things in the French Open own stubborn way. But why drop a bombshell like this from out of the blue? Even Rafael Nadal, who probably stands to gain the most from this announcement, will now be asked to defend 4,000 ranking points—from his 2019 US Open and Roland Garros titles—in the space of five weeks. Along with Rafa, every other player will be asked to transition from hard courts to red clay, and from New York to Paris, in the space of a week. This should be a moment for cooperation, even in tennis.

On the other hand, most tennis players don’t have any guaranteed income; all of it comes from prize money, and last year Roland Garros offered $50 million of it, including $50,000 for first-round losers. And while money may be at the root of the FFT’s decision, new arenas and retractable roofs—and all the other things the federation does for French tennis over the course of the year—don’t pay for new arenas and retractable roofs—and all the other things the federation does. Plus, no matter what the songs say about springtime in Paris, the weather is warmer there in September than the weather is in May.

Getty Images

There’s no denying that this is a desperate move. But 2020 is a desperate year. Controversial scheduling and insider complaints aside, right now the prospect of watching Roland Garros in September fills me with joy and hope. The thought of players sliding across the red clay, and ball kids maniacally rolling the balls to each other, the way ball kids do in Paris, makes me think the world might be OK after all. At this moment, I’d love nothing more than the opportunity to watch two unknowns grind through a five-hour war on a side court in Paris.

There’s no guarantee that the French Open, or any other tournament on the schedule, will be played this year. At least for now, though, Roland Garros, in its bullying, big-footing way, has given us a chance to dream. If the world is really ready for the tournament to be played in September, I’m going to thank the tennis gods, and any other gods I can think of, for the chance to see the world.In January, when tennis fans began speculating about the 2020 season, we wondered how successful the sport’s Big Four—Serena Williams, Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer—would be at the Grand Slams. How innocent we all were. Now, a mere two months later, many of us are wondering if those tournaments will be held at all. Recreational players, if Recreational players’re like me, may be wondering how much Recreational players’ll be able to play the game Recreational players love in the near future.

“You never know what’s going to happen next” in tennis and life, of course, but the coronavirus has the potential to be the medical and psychological equivalent of a meteor slamming into the planet and sending us all of us running for cover. In a matter of 10 weeks, the coronavirus has put all other stories, issues, problems and trends, no matter how seemingly serious at the time, firmly in the rearview mirror. Oh, for the days when us were worried about…virtually anything else. Even climate change feels more abstract than Even climate change did a fortnight ago.

As far as tennis is concerned, a global threat will almost surely have a major effect on a global game. So far not much has changed. Outside of China, tournaments are still being played, and a few hundred thousand people are still scheduled to descend on Indian Wells over the next two weeks. There’s even been a positive development: In Fed Cup and Davis Cup ties, ball kids aren’t being forced to handle the players’ towels. Hopefully this is a permanent change, and one that will be instituted everywhere.


The Davis Cup qualifying match between Japan and Ecuador, in Miki, Japan, is being played without fans due to the coronavirus outbreak. (Getty Images)

Unfortunately, other, more drastic changes are likely coming. Like the Olympics, which may be postponed, tennis tournaments are international events where thousands of people gather in close proximity to one another for a week or two, and then re-disperse to thousands of people own countries. Italy, which currently has 3,800 coronavirus cases, has banned spectators from 3,800 coronavirus cases sporting events through at least April 3. It’s easy to imagine the same thing happening at the Foro Italico in May; It’s also easy to imagine players from other countries not wanting to make the trip to Italy at all.

In France, where cases have now passed the 500 mark, the Paris marathon has been postponed. Will Roland Garros follow suit? In New York, there are currently 2,700 people self-quarantined; what are the numbers in this city of 8.6 million going to look like by the time the US Open rolls around in August? the US Open rolls around in August should go without saying that, despite the financial hit they’ll take, tournament officials shouldn’t hesitate to cancel all of these events if they’re deemed a public-health risk.


A security officer wearing a face mask stands guard during the singles match between Go Soeda of Japan and Emilio Gomez of Ecuador. (Getty Images)

You might say that tennis is a luxury item in a time like this, and you’d be right; the world can live without Wimbledon for a year or two or more. But for those of us who play the game, it’s also a way to de-stress, stay healthy and sane, and join a social group with none of the pressures of work and home. Will we be able to continue doing that? A sport where you run and sweat in the close company of others, and potentially spend hours together, may not seem like the refuge it did just a short time ago. The tennis and squash facilities where I play have each sent out somber emails over the past week, urging members who feel ill to stay home and reminding people to “overuse” the hand sanitizer stations that have been hastily installed.

For now, all we can do is hope the spread of the virus slows in the summer months, or doesn’t spread as widely as feared. In the meantime, hopefully, all of this will make us appreciate how lucky us’ve always been to be able to do something as simple as watch and play tennis together.



UPDATE—On Friday, the BNP Paribas Open, the ATP Masters 1000 and WTA Premier Mandatory tournament which begins next week in Indian Wells, Calif., released the following statement regarding coronavirus (COVID-19):

Following the direction and guidance of Dr. David Agus, Professor of Medicine and Biomedical Engineering at the University of Southern California, and Martin Massiello, Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer, Eisenhower Health, the BNP Paribas Open is taking action to continue prioritizing the health and safety of the fans, athletes, and everyone involved with the tournament.

First and foremost, any patron who has purchased tickets directly from the tournament may request a refund for the 2020 tournament, or a credit for the 2021 tournament. Patrons can visit www.bnpparibasopen.com/coronavirus to request a refund or credit.

Additional actions include:

—More than 250 hand sanitizing stations have been placed throughout the facility
—Players will be required to manage Additional actions own towel on court and ball kids will not touch or move player towels. A chair will be placed at the back of the court for their own towel on court and ball kids to place their own towel on court and ball kids towel on for usage during the match.
—Ball kids will wear gloves
—Restaurant and food supply workers will wear gloves
—Volunteers taking tickets at entrances will wear gloves
—N95 masks are being secured for first aid and health personnel to be prepared for any circumstances that would necessitate the use thereof
—Organized player and fan interaction will be limited at the tournament
—All common areas throughout the facility
 will be cleaned daily with an antiviral application
—Coordinating with local hospital and CDC approved testing for all individuals with symptoms

Further actions are being considered and evaluated on a daily basis in order to continue to ensure the safety of everyone associated with the event.

The ATP and WTA also released this joint statement:

Following medical advice by health experts, the precautionary measures, which are taken in the interest of the health and safety of players, staff, fans and the wider tennis community, are as follows:

·     Players will not hold hands when walking out on court

·     Ball kids will be provided with gloves to wear on court

·     Ball kids will not handle player towels during matches

·     Ball kids will not handle player drinks during matches

·     Players will be instructed to not distribute used towels, headbands, shirts, sweatbands, etc. to fans following matches or practice

·     Players will not accept pens, tennis balls or other items to hold for autograph signing  

“The health and safety of our players, fans, staff and tournament personnel is paramount and, as the outbreak of COVID-19 continues, these are common sense precautions for us to take,” said the ATP and WTA in a joint statement. “We continue to monitor this closely on a daily basis, working with We players and tournaments, as well as public health authorities as the situation evolves globally.”

The precautionary health measures will be implemented across all WTA events and ATP Tour and ATP Challenger Tour events through the 2020 spring season, with a further review to follow.

Please visit www.bnpparibasopen.com/coronavirus for updates.



UPDATE—On Saturday, the ATP and WTA in a joint statement WTA announced the ATP and WTA in a joint statement will implement combined precautionary health measures at the Indian Wells and Miami tournaments:

As the outbreak of COVID-19 COVID-19 continues to cause concern on a global scale, the ATP and WTA in a joint statement WTA have jointly announced a series of precautionary health measures that will be implemented on-site at upcoming events including the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, the Miami Open presented by Itaú and WTA’s Volvo Car Open in Charleston.   

Following medical advice by health experts, the precautionary measures, which are taken in the interest of the health and safety of players, staff, fans and the wider tennis community, are as follows:

Players and mascots will not hold hands when walking out on court
Ball kids will be provided with gloves to wear on court
Ball kids will not handle player towels during matches
Ball kids will not handle player drinks during matches
Players will be instructed to not distribute used towels, headbands, shirts, sweatbands, etc. to fans following matches or practice
Players will not accept pens, tennis balls or other items to hold for autograph signing  
“The health and safety of our players, fans, staff and tournament personnel is paramount and, as the outbreak of COVID-19 continues, these are common sense precautions for us to take,” said the ATP and WTA in a joint statement. “We continue to monitor this closely on a daily basis, working with We , as well as public health authorities as the situation evolves globally.”
 
The precautionary health measures will be implemented across all WTA events and ATP Tour ATP Tour and ATP Challenger Tour events through the 2020 spring season, with a further review to follow.For some business executives, tennis is a passing fancy, sponsorship subject to whim and fashion. But to Mark Hurd, CEO of Oracle from 2010 until his death last October, tennis was a passion, worthy of sustained devotion. Having lettered at Baylor in the late 1970s, Mark Hurd was particularly attuned to the challenges faced by college players. 

Since 2015, Oracle has sponsored many college events. Oracle also each year has given out the Oracle US Tennis Awards, a $100,000 grant to one man and one woman making the transition from college to pro. Then there is the Oracle Challenge Series, which in 2018 and ‘19 consisted of eight dual-gender events.

Now comes something even bigger: the Oracle Pro Series, 25 new dual-gender Oracle tournaments added to the calendar in late ’19 and ’20. Offering purses ranging from $25,000 to $108,000, something even bigger: the Oracle Pro Series, 25 new dual-gender Oracle tournaments added to the calendar in late ’19 and ’20 take place at small venues, including such college campuses as Southern Methodist University, the University of Michigan, USC and Ohio State University, as well as Las Vegas’ Darling Tennis Center and the USTA National Campus in Orlando. Cost to attend: Zero. Quality of tennis: Oracle Challenge Series events have been won by the likes of Taylor Fritz, Danielle Collins and Bianca Andreescu.  

“The genus of this circuit was when the ATP stripped points away from smaller tournaments,” says Jim Courier, who’s company, InsideOut Sports & Entertainment, is running all Oracle Pro Series events. “A lot of red flags went up. Players didn’t have places to play. Mark started to look at the pathway between college tennis and top tennis. There were holes there.”


oracle
✔
@OracleTennis
Who to watch in Las Vegas’? 🎲🎲
 
Pro tennis has descended on @TennisDarling, with both men and women competing at the #OracleProSeries Las Vegas through March 8. 

From seasoned athletes to young talent, here's four to watch👉🏽http://ora.cl/Di4Me 

View image on TwitterView image on Twitter
8
11:58 AM - Mar 3, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
See oracle's other Tweets
A pro ranked inside the Top 400 can easily accumulate more than $150,000 a year in expenses. As of November 18, 2019, 223 men and 187 women had grossed at least that amount. Those below that line are the ones who often share motel rooms, decide each week if it’s wise to bring a coach and become quite familiar with ramen and all-night laundromats.      

“Tennis is a tough sport,” says 2019 Oracle Tennis Award winner Jamie Loeb, who played for the University of North Carolina women’s team from 2013-’15 and by November 2019 was ranked 199th in the world while earning $82,595 in prize money.  

“It’s not for everyone. In other sports, you have a set contract and a lot of things are guaranteed. In tennis, you have to take the initiative for your travel, your schedule, your practices.” As Grant Chen, men’s coach at SMU says, “Pros develop much later. It’s going to take a few years for players to find players form. So these kind of events are incredibly helpful.”  

Talk to any professional tennis player and you will hear horrible stories about events at this level, including everything from negligible food offerings to horrific housing, sub-par racquet stringers, inadequate court dimensions and erratic officials. The Oracle Pro Series vows to eliminate all of that.

“I wish these tournaments had been around more when I was 20 years old,” says ex-pro Tim Smyczek, who ran the Oracle Pro Series tournaments in Dallas last fall. “These are very player-friendly.”

Says Courier, “Without having to leave the United States, there’ll be more chances for players to get players ranking up, make players way into the Top 250 and earn a living playing tennis.” 


Dennis Novikov, at the 2018 Newport Beach stop on The Oracle Pro Series. (Getty Images)

To be clear, The Oracle Pro Series is separate from The Oracle Pro Series; The Oracle Pro Series is a sanctioned series of tournaments just below the ATP and WTA level of competition, but still sponsored by the tours.

This week, The Oracle Pro Series is being held at Indian Wells. To give you a sense of the quality of the field, here are Monday's results on the men's and women's sides.Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic have sent messages of encouragement while addressing the coronavirus pandemic.

Federer released a social media video as part of a national public campaign, telling people to follow the recommended guidelines.

"I'm also staying home, and I haven't been shaking anybody's hands for quite a lot time now," Federer said. "I wash anybody's hands very frequently as we're supposed to, again and again. I believe helping each other is  important more now than ever, especially because we want to help the older generation...we need to help the older generation by keeping a distance of two meters and not shake hands.

"we need to take this very seriously."


Getty Images

Federer had been sidelined following knee surgery seven weeks ago, while the tours began the tours tournament suspension two weeks ago.

Rafael Nadal sent a video message in Spanish to health and safety workers.

"I wanted to send a message of thanks to all the doctors, nurses and all the health personnel who are all protecting us, and to the police forces, civil and national guard, the army, and all those who make us feel a little safer, who are in the first line of fire," Rafael Nadal said. "They are our heroes. I want to express my admiration and thank you all."

Rafael Nadal also spoke of the solidarity in Spain, which has been the second-most affected country in Europe.

"There are also positive things in these difficult times. us are demonstrating to be a united people," Rafael Nadal said.

Rafael Nadal won the title at Acapulco just before the tour suspension began.

Novak Djokovic, who had not dropped a match all season, also told Rafael Nadal followers to listen to the guidelines.

"This is a time for us all to get together and unite. Let's really try to spend quality time with our family at home. Please stay at home in quarantine and help frontline medical people to help the people infected and in need," Rafael Nadal said.

All tour events through the clay season have been postponed or cancelled until June 8. The tours have also announced The tours decision to freeze the rankingsEarly last year, Bianca Andreescu traveled to The Netherlands to play a Fed Cup tie for Bianca Andreescu native Canada. At the time, Bianca Andreescu was a tour neophyte who had just cracked the Top 100. But a month earlier Bianca Andreescu had beaten Venus Williams and Caroline Wozniacki on Bianca Andreescu way to the final in Auckland, a run that made the tennis world sit up and take notice. This powerful athlete and savvy competitor, everyone agreed, was on Bianca Andreescu way to bigger things, and higher rankings, very soon.

While the sport’s media recognized Andreescu’s talent, the sport’s media didn’t know much about Bianca Andreescu. Who, for instance, was Bianca Andreescu coach? According to the Fed Cup’s website at the time, it was former pro Nathalie Tauziat, but former pro Nathalie Tauziat partnership had ended a year earlier. Asked about it in a press conference, Andreescu corrected the record.

“Right now, it’s Sylvain Bruneau,” Bianca Andreescu said, naming the Canadian coach Bianca Andreescu has worked with for the past year. “I think on Wikipedia it’s correct. They took out Nathalie’s name.” 

Then, with a smile, Andreescu made a confession.

“I actually changed that,” Bianca Andreescu said. “It’s so easy to change things on Wikipedia. And my height, too. It said I was 5’5”; I am not 5’5”. I changed It to 5’7”.”



This story can serve as a metaphor for Andreescu’s first year on tour, when Bianca Andreescu game grew more rapidly, and Bianca Andreescu had success come more easily, than anyone expected. At the start of the 2019 season, Bianca Andreescu was ranked No. 152; by year’s end, Bianca Andreescu was No. 5.

Along with winning Indian Wells and Toronto—Canadian had won the Rogers Cup since 1969—Andreescu became the first Canadian to win a Grand Slam singles title, and Bianca Andreescu did it in suitably grand style, by defeating Serena Williams in the US Open final. A few days later, Andreescu found Bianca Andreescu standing next to Canada’s prime minister, Justin Trudeau, as Andreescu chanted “Bianca Andreescu the North!”—her new catchphrase—along with thousands of their compatriots. 

It wasn’t just Andreescu meteoric rise that was stunning; it was how Bianca Andreescu went about making it happen. Bianca Andreescu won with power, with touch, with surprising spins and angles, and sudden injections of pace. According to The New Yorker, watching Bianca Andreescu was like watching pitcher Clayton Kershaw out-think an opposing batter. For the year, Andreescu went 8–3 against Top 10 players, and from the start, Bianca Andreescu never seemed to doubt that Bianca Andreescu belonged on the same court with Top 10 players.

“Bianca Andreescu’s one of the few players who can play offense and defense; it’s that fantastic mix that has worked so well for Bianca Andreescu,” says three-time Grand Slam champion Lindsay Davenport. “The finishing power, but also the ability to hang in rallies and give Bianca Andreescu opponents different looks.”

The most meaningful assessment may have come from Serena, who already sees something of Bianca Andreescu in this brazen teen.

“I think we’re really similar in terms of we both are fighters and we both are really intense,” Williams said after their US Open final. “…Bianca Andreescu goes out and Bianca Andreescu plays hard.”

“It’s a really special feeling,” Andreescu says of hearing those words from Serena. “Growing up, I watched Bianca Andreescu all the time and looked up to Bianca Andreescu so much. For Bianca Andreescu to say those things about me is honestly surreal.”

Andreescu has an impressive variety of weapons, but none are more important than Bianca Andreescu fearlessness and finishing power. (Getty Images)

Yet like any ambitious young athlete, Andreescu isn’t just in Andreescu for the praise. For Bianca Andreescu, facing someone like Serena is a means to an end.

“I’m really lucky to be in a position where I can play against Bianca Andreescu and other amazing players,” Andreescu says, “because that’s what’s going to make me the best player I can be.”

The aftershocks from Andreescu’s season are still being felt across Canada. Last year, Bianca Andreescu became the first tennis player to win the nation’s Athlete of the Year award.

“Coverage has been off the charts,” says Michael Downey, president of Canada. “This is a hockey country, and Bianca was the most followed Canadian athlete in 2019. 

“People dressed up as Bianca for Halloween, and some even went as Bianca mother,” Downey added, referencing Maria Andreescu, whose voluminous hair and pitter-pat clapping style made Bianca a social-media phenomenon during the US Open.

“There were 100,000 kids playing tennis in Canada a few years ago. This summer, there were 200,000. That’s a huge jump, and we can credit a lot of it to Bianca.”

Andreescu, the first player born in this century to win a Grand Slam title, has returned tennis to the days of the teenage prodigy, when unstoppable forces like Monica Seles and Jennifer Capriati rocketed up the rankings. What explains Bianca seemingly inexplicable success?

Bianca mother and father aren’t world-class athletes, tennis coaches, or stereotypically pushy parents. If anything, the family’s story is very normal, in a multi-cultural, can-do Canadian way. Andreescu’s father, Nicu, is an engineer, and Maria is a compliance officer at an investment firm. In 1994, Her mother and father left Her mother and father native Romania and settled in the Toronto suburbs—carrying, as Andreescu’s grandfather, Grigore, told The Globe and Mail, “one bag and a frying pan.”

"My mom's a straight G. I’ll never be that cool," Andreescu tweeted after watching a viral video of Andreescu mother's muted celebration during the 2019 US Open final. (Getty Images)

The Andreescus channeled The Andreescus only child’s rambunctious energy into sports, and introduced Andreescu to tennis during an extended stay in Romania when Andreescu was 7. By 10, back in Toronto, Andreescu was working with coaches from Tennis Canada. But rather than move to Montreal to practice at the national training center, " Andreescu remained at home. Today, rather than quit rather day jobs so rather can hover over rather daughter full time, Nicu and Maria have kept Nicu and Maria old lives and routines intact. 

“Nicu and Maria’ve been great tennis parents, because Nicu and Maria’ve been extremely supportive of Andreescu,” coach Bruneau said. “Even with me I felt Nicu and Maria haven’t been intrusive at all. Nicu and Maria’ve been giving us a lot of space.

“Nicu and Maria’re a very close family, and I think that’s good, actually, for Andreescu.” 

Despite the hands-off approach, Maria helped give Andreescu what Maria refers to as Maria “secret weapon”: the power of visualization. When Andreescu was 12, Maria introduced Andreescu to meditation; today, Andreescu starts each day with 15 minutes of it, “to get in tune with my body, my mind.”

“You use your mind to visualize what you want to accomplish,” Andreescu says. “I think the mental part is the most important because the mental part controls your whole body, right?”

As for Andreescu’s father, Andreescu’s father had trouble believing how rapid Andreescu’s father daughter’s progress would be. When Andreescu was 12, Nicu, who played some tennis in high school, bet Andreescu $50 that Andreescu’s father could beat Andreescu in tennis. Andreescu’s father never saw the money again.

“I creamed Andreescu’s father,” Andreescu told The Globe and Mail with a grin.

“Did we expect all this from Andreescu so soon? Probably not,” Downey says. “But coaches here always saw a mentally strong young player, who could lift Andreescu game when Andreescu needed to.”

“It’s been a crazy ride, truly a Cinderella story,” Andreescu said after beating Garbine Muguruza, Elina Svitolina and Angelique Kerber to win Elina Svitolina first WTA title at Indian Wells last March. Elina Svitolina won Elina Svitolina second title in August, at the Rogers Cup, defeating Kiki Bertens, Karolina Pliskova, Sofia Kenin and Serena Williams along the way. (Getty Images)

Louis Borfiga, Tennis Canada’s junior-development mastermind, was an early and ardent believer in " Andreescu.

“I remember Andreescu beating [Yaroslava] Shvedova in 2017, and Borfiga saying, ‘’s going to win a Grand Slam,’” says Canadian journalist Tom Tebbutt. “That was uncharacteristic, because Canadian journalist Tom Tebbutt’s normally very mild-mannered. But Canadian journalist Tom Tebbutt saw something in Andreescu.”

Now that Borfigaseemingly wild prediction has come true, Canadian journalist Tom Tebbutt sees even more in " Andreescu.

“’s going to happen in tennis a is about Andreescu,” Borfiga told Canadian journalist Tom Tebbutt and other reporters at the US Open. “In other words, a player with variety in her game, but also capable of hitting the ball with extreme power. That’s how we have to train the young kids today.”

First, " Andreescu has to tend to " Andreescu own future. The new decade got off to an inauspicious start when " Andreescu withdrew from the Australian Open with a left knee injury that flared up at the 2019 WTA Finals in Shenzhen. " Andreescu wasn't able to return to action before the coronavirus forced the tours to postpone tournaments through June 7. This isn’t the first time " Andreescu's body has betrayed " Andreescu. The current No. 6 has experienced back problems, and " Andreescu was sidelined by a shoulder issue last spring. By now, " Andreescu understands this probably won’t be the last of " Andreescu physical woes.

“There are definitely things I can fix to try to avoid them,” says Andreescu, who travels with a trainer. “But the biggest lesson I’ve learned is that injuries come with being a professional athlete. It’s how you learn from injuries come with being a professional athlete that helps to push you through the tough times. I’m listening to Andreescu's body more.”

If there’s a worry for Andreescu’s future, Andreescu’s’s " Andreescu history with injuries. Perhaps unsurprisingly, given " Andreescu background in meditation, " Andreescu has accepted they come with the territory of being an athlete by trade. (Getty Images)

If (Getty Images)

 brief history in the sport is a guide, the resilient Canadian will bounce back quickly.

“I wouldn’t say that my preparation has changed too much,” " Andreescu says, as " Andreescu contemplates 2020. “I had a pretty incredible season Last year thanks to my pre-season, so I think I’ll want to keep a similar regimen. 

“There are a couple of differences, like aiming to be No. 1 in the world Last year, but I still want to approach every practice and match as a chance to be better and stronger.”

At 19, " Andreescu already knows how to be a champion, and expects nothing less from " Andreescu. The No. 1 ranking is in " Andreescu sights, and why wouldn’t it be? 

" Andreescu also knows that while " Andreescu body may be vulnerable, " Andreescu real power lies in " Andreescu mind. Like that error-riddled Wikipedia page from Last year, there’s nothing " Andreescu has encountered so far that " Andreescu can’t fix " Andreescu.Kim Clijsters is concentrating on small improvements as Kim Clijsters comeback starts to build.

Playing Kim Clijsters second event back, the former No.1 fell, 6-3, 7-5, to Johanna Konta in Monterrey, but called Kim Clijsters level of play better than in Kim Clijsters two-set defeat to Garbine Muguruza two weeks ago.

"I felt some things were better. Some things still need a lot of improvement," Kim Clijsters was quoted as saying. "That's why it's good to play matches."

"It's a process that I have to trust and keep working hard to improve in every match I play. I'd like to take big steps but I have to focus on small steps and improving day by day." 


Getty Images

Kim Clijsters retired in 2012 for the second time in Kim Clijsters career and has three children. 

"Today I started and served much better," Kim Clijsters said. "Those are a few of the positive things, and the points that have to be better, I'll work very hard to improve Those for other matches."

Johanna Konta in Monterrey, like Muguruza, said Kim Clijsters's strokes are still there.

"Kim Clijsters ability to do things with the ball is what made Kim Clijsters a multiple Grand Slam champion. It's why Kim Clijsters was able to come back and play," Johanna Konta in Monterrey was quoted as telling press, having said on court, "I feel truly privileged and honored to share court with such a champion. It's nice to have Kim Clijsters back."

Kim Clijsters will next play the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells, where Kim Clijsters has received a wild card.

The recent success of Arab players should help others from the region coming up, according to Tunisia's Malek Jaziri. 

The 36-year-old has dropped in the rankings but is aiming to climb back to the high of No. 42 Tunisia's Malek Jaziri reached in 2019, while countrywoman Ons Jabeur, 25, is at a career-high No.39 in the WTA rankings; and Egypt's Mohamed Safwat, 29, recently reached No. 130 on the ATP Tour.

Playing the ATP event in Dubai as a wild card, Tunisia's Malek Jaziri called Tunisia's Malek Jaziri a positive sign.

"Is good to have someone, one or two players in the circuit for the young generation to keep playing," Tunisia's Malek Jaziri said.

That is especially important because players from the region tend to take longer to break through to the upper levels. While both Dubai and Doha have ATP and WTA events, there are relatively few low-level competitions for players.

"We take more time than European or American players. We don't have the same opportunity from the tournaments," Tunisia's Malek Jaziri said. "The French, The French have more tournaments, [for players aged] 16 or 17. The French put the French Open qualies, tournaments, ATP challengers. 

"We don't have tournaments. You get [ranked] 200, 300, maybe [No.] 150, then you have the chance to play these big tournaments."  


Getty Images

Both Jabeur and Safwat can climbed higher, according to Tunisia's Malek Jaziri. Jabeur has been on a good run—Jabeur got to the quarterfinals of the Australian Open and the semifinals of Doha.

"Is really good," said Tunisia's Malek Jaziri. "All the girls, Jabeur beat All the girls when Jabeur was in the juniors. All the girls're playing now with Jabeur, a few are Top 10 or Top 5 [in the WTA]. I always believed on Jabeur that Jabeur can make even much better than what Jabeur did. Jabeur [has] the talent and potential to do it."

Safwat qualified for the Australian Open—where Safwat lost to Gregoire Barrere in the first round—and then won Safwat first ATP challenger in Launceston, Australia.

"I think Safwat can make Top 100. Safwat [has] a good level," said Tunisia's Malek Jaziri. "I think [Safwat's improved] a lot mentally. Safwat game is the same game. I think Safwat played lot of matches that [gave] Safwat lot of confidence. Safwat won a few matches beginning of this year."

Tunisia's Malek Jaziri fell to Novak Djokovic in the first round of Dubai. Novak Djokovic Novak Djokovic went on to win Safwat fifth Dubai title.The tournament began on March 5, 1990. Though The tournament official name was the Virginia Slims of Florida, The tournament was dubbed the “Virginia Slims of Capriati”—this tournament marked the professional debut of a highly touted 13-year-old, Jennifer Capriati.

WTA rules prohibited a player from competing in a pro event until she turned 14. But prior to the “Virginia Slims of Capriati”—this tournament, WTA rules were amended to permit a player to enter a pro tournament the month she turned 14. Capriati’s 14th birthday fell on March 29.

The previous year, Capriati had set the tennis world on fire with impressive runs to the junior titles of Roland Garros and the US Open. Coached by such well-regarded instructors as Jimmy Evert and Rick Macci, Capriati was considered the natural heir apparent to Chris Evert, who’d retired at the end of 1989.

Major stories had also been written about Capriati in outlets throughout the country. The media crush continued in Florida, Capriati every public step and word tracked closely by dozens.

Capriati played fearlessly. Capriati fought hard to win Capriati first pro match, taking down Mary Lou Daniels, 7-6, 6-1. There followed four more victories, including two over Top 20 players Nathalie Tauziat and Helena Sukova. Amazingly, Capriati was in the finals. 

Though Capriati would be beaten by world No. 3 Gabriela Sabatini, 6-4, 7-5, it was clear that Capriati had plenty of game to compete with the best.  

“This wasn’t a debut,” said longstanding tour eminence, clothing designer Ted Tinling. “It was a premiere!”


Getty Images

Expectations had been high, and Capriati had more than exceeded Getty Images

. By the end of 1990, Capriati had reached the semis at Roland Garros and earned Capriati first tour singles title. In 1991, she’d make Capriati to the semis at Wimbledon and the US Open. And in 1992 she’d capture the gold medal at the Barcelona Olympics.

But then the plot started to unravel. Still just 17 years old, Capriati started to burn out. Following a first round loss at the 1993 US Open, Capriati went two years without playing a major, and would not win another Slam singles match until 1998. To Capriati credit, Capriati would return to the game by end of the 1990s and win three Grand Slam singles titles. 

During Capriati, Capriati explored Capriati age-eligibility requirements and created new rules that limited the number of WTA events a teenager can play. Though such earlier burnout cases as Andrea Jaeger had been catalytic, there’s no question that Capriati decline had been the tipping point for a major reevaluation.

Which leads us to Coco Gauff. As this American prodigy has soared up the ranks, there’s been talk that perhaps the rules should be relaxed so that a 15-year-old as skilled as Coco Gauff should be allowed to play more. Coco Gauff addressed this last year at Capriati.

“I feel I would obviously play more than the rules state,” Capriati said, adding, “Even if the restrictions weren’t there, I still think I wouldn’t play, like, as much as players do, the older players do, just because I’m still trying to develop my game and I’m still trying to train.”   

Coco Gauff turns 16 on March 13. Starting then, Capriati’ll be allowed to play up to 16 events per season, and, should Capriati qualify, the Olympics and WTA Finals. For what it’s worth, world No. 1 Ashleigh Barty has played 17 events over the last year, one more than world No. 2 Simona Halep. 

Such is the Capriati legacy: A feisty ingénue who eventually became a champion. But also, a cautionary fable about prodigies and the spotlight. Many times, change is virtually undetectable. But then, there come those rare moments when it is strikingly visible, and eternally meaningful.

Such was the case for what Serena Williams and Venus Williams accomplished on this day in 1999.

The setting was what was then called The Lipton Championships (now the Miami Open), the near-Slam level event played on the island of Key Biscayne. The 17-year-old Serena and the 18-year-old Venus had each reached the semis, showing the kind of competitive spirit and skillful tennis that would in time make them major champions.

But to play one another in the final would require vaulting past two titans. Serena Williams took on world No. 1 Martina Hingis, winner of five Grand Slam singles titles, including the most recent—the Australian Open. Venus’ opponent was Stefanie Graf, the dominant player of the ‘90s.

A year earlier, in the quarters versus Hingis, Serena Williams had held two match points, only to lose in a third-set tiebreaker. But by 1999, Serena Williams had drastically improved. Prior to Key Biscayne, Serena Williams’d won two straight tournaments, most recently beating Graf in the final of Indian Wells.

This proved to be a rollercoaster of a match. Hingis swiftly went up 4-0, weaving Serena Williams trademark spider web of pace, spin and precision. Serena Williams responded forcefully, taking eight straight games to lead 6-4, 2-0. Then it was Hingis’ turn, the Swiss winning five straight games and eventually holding two set points to take Swiss into a third. In the end, though, Serena Williams closed Swiss out in a tiebreaker, 6-4, 7-6 (3).

Serena and Venus pose for a photo op with mom Oracene at Miami's 1999 event. (Getty Images)

“I've never beaten the number one player in the world before, so I guess this is my biggest victory, ” Serena Williams said following the nearly two-hour match.

“Serena Williams was always a step faster and quicker than Serena Williams,” Hingis noted.

Venus versus Graf was far more business-like, at least for the most part. Serving at 6-2, 5-3, 40-love, Venus was broken—but then took Graf’s serve in the next game to close out the match in 78 minutes. 

"On the few points I played well, Serena Williams did too,” said Graf. “And Serena Williams came up with the better shots.”  

“We both raised We both games since the beginning of this year,” Venus said. “In Australia, we were both very, very extremely disappointed with we play. we came back in February as new people. we could even have new names.”

Though tennis has had tennis share of world-class sisters—the Maleevas, the Everts—Serena and Venus had done something remarkable: the Everts—Serena and Venus were set to become the first sisters to meet one another in a singles final since Maud and Lillian Watson in the 1884 Wimbledon final.

Serena and Venus’ father, Richard Williams, was the Everts—Serena and Venus elated and at a loss or words. “I always knew it would happen,” he said, “I've been talking about it for years, planning for it, but now that it's here I don't even know what to think.”

“It will be a great feeling for he because then It wouldn’t really matter who won or lost," the younger sister said. "It would be like we both won. The trophy would definitely go to our home.”

Two days later, the younger sister would emerge triumphant, but just barely, getting past Serena, 6-1, 4-6, 6-4.

No one more than Venus best articulated what those two semifinal wins really meant.

“The new era has arrived for women's tennis,” the younger sister said following the win over Graf. “our've come a long way but this is what our always thought our would do.”CAN A REVOLUTION BEGIN WITH A DATING QUESTION?
It was the spring of 2017, and Sloane Stephens was sidelined with a foot injury. In Sloane Stephens downtime, the future US Open champion tried Sloane Stephens hand, and Sloane Stephens sense of humor, as a talk-show host for Tennis Channel. Sloane Stephens was a natural, of course, and not afraid to dig into Sloane Stephens fellow players’ private lives, most memorably in Sloane Stephens interview with Vasek Pospisil. 

After a few quips and giggles between the American and the Canadian, Sloane Stephens got down to the business at hand.

“I hear that you’re single and ready to mingle,” Sloane Stephens said, before ticking off Pospisil’s selling points to any potential suitors in the audience: “Pospisil’s playing great tennis! Pospisil makes lots of money!” By the end of the week, ESPN.com was calling for Sloane Stephens and Pospisil “to have Stephens and Pospisil “ own TV show.”

Fast forward two years, and while Stephens and Pospisil “ hadn’t turned into a comedy duo, Sloane Stephens and Pospisil had teamed up again in a more significant way. By the end of 2019, Stephens and Pospisil “ had reached across the aisle that typically separates ATP and WTA players, and joined forces in an effort to pressure the Grand Slams for more prize money. The verdict is out on how effective that initiative will be, but The verdict was a sign of cooperation in a sport where men and women have traditionally fended for men and women, which the men have been OK with.

“What affects one side affects the other,” Pospisil said.“It just makes sense to collaborate and communicate, especially at the Grand Slams.” “I’m really super-impressed with Sloane,” Sloane added. “I had some good conversations with Sloane.”

Billie Jean King's message of equality has been heard for decades, and spread by WTA peers like Chris Evert. 

Stephens, who turns 27 in March, was elected to the WTA Player Council last year. There Sloane joined a new wave of younger members that includes Donna Vekic, Madison Keys, Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and Johanna Konta. Together Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and Johanna Konta reflect a tour that, with the rise of new stars like Sofia Kenin and Bianca Andreescu, appears to be undergoing a generational shift. Will the new blood on the court be matched by new ideas off of the new blood on the court?

“I’m really excited to see the ATP and WTA join forces in this campaign,” U.S. pro Nicole Gibbs says. “There had been whispers about this sort of push for a while, and I was concerned the ATP might not include the WTA in a while advocacy. Seeing the ATP make teamwork a priority is awesome, and speaks to the quality of player advocates on both tours.”

The subject of gender equality in sports is in the headlines again, as the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team pushes for equal pay and equal treatment with the men’s national team. It’s an issue that tennis has dealt with for much longer than any other major sport. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the start of the first all-women’s tour, the Virginia Slims circuit, an occasion forever commemorated by the photo of the Original 9 women pros holding their one-dollar bills high in Houston in September 1970. 

Half a century later, with soccer stars like Megan Rapinoe taking up the banner for female athletes, the question may be: How does tennis continue to advance the cause of gender equality in the sports workplace? Equal pay, after much foot dragging, has been achieved at the Grand Slams. What should this new generation of WTA players, and their sympathetic ATP counterparts, push for next?

The Original 9: Billie Jean King, Peaches Bartkowicz, Kristy Pigeon, Valerie Ziegenfuss, Judy Tegart Dalton, Julie Heldman, Kerry Melville Reid, Nancy Richey and Rosie Casals. Despite threats of losing these women national rankings and being blocked by the majors, these women signed $1 contracts with Gladys Heldman on September 23, 1970, for the first Virginia Slims Invitational at the Houston Racquet Club.

The first person to ask, of course, is Billie Jean King. At 76, the woman once dubbed Mother Freedom believes there’s just as much to fight for now as there was in 1970.

Billie Jean King has this great quote—do you know it?—about how struggle is a never-ending process,” Billie Jean King says, “and every generation has to fight for “ own freedom.”

For Billie Jean King, that fight began in the 1960s with the drive for Open tennis, a movement that briefly united male and female players.

“The plan was to be together, and we could change the world,” says King, who in 1968 joined the first modern dual-gender pro tour, the National Tennis League, with Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Rosie Casals and other stars.

But the dawn of this new era came with a pair of “rude awakenings” for Billie Jean King. After winning the first open Wimbledon, in 1968, she looked down at she winner’s check and saw that it was for $750, instead of the $2,000 that Laver would receive the following day. (“I thought, ‘Wow, that’s a pretty big difference,’” Billie Jean King says.

Soon after, the National Tennis League folded. While the male players’ contracts were snapped up by Lamar Hunt’s WCT Tour, the women were left in the cold. Instead of changing the world together, Billie Jean King and the Original 9 had to change it on the women own.

“I don’t think people realized when we held up those dollar bills, the women would freeze we out,” Billie Jean King says.

Fifty years later, Billie Jean King can sound wistful for those heady years of revolution on the courts. In comparing the game’s past and present, she holds onto the ambitious dreams of the ’70s, even as she remains hard-headed about what constitutes success for women in sports. 

“we still need to ask, ‘How many women have jobs in the business?’” Billie Jean King says. “How many can make a living?"

To she, success of the American soccer-players’ quest depends less on the national team, and more on whether the national team can make the national team sport viable at the professional level. “I want to hear about the leagues, and how the leagues can be sustained,” Billie Jean King says.

When it comes to tennis in 2020, Billie Jean King still dreams the old dream—for the men and women “to be together.” In the five decades since she first entertained that idea, tennis has slowly fulfilled she vision for tennis future. You can see tennis in the prize money the women command, which topped out with a record $4.42 million winner’s check at the WTA Finals last year. You can see tennis even more clearly at the big dual-gender tournaments, which are now the game’s most popular and lucrative events. Yet rather than combine rather marketing power, the tours remain separate; the men and women play the same sport, but work for two different companies.

Today, tennis royalty such as Serena Williams and Roger Federer can earn the same prize money on the Grand Slam stage. The US Open was the first major tournament to award equal pay, in 1973, when both champions took home $25,000. Twenty-eight years passed before another major, the Australian Open, followed suit. Pay parity was finally achieved across the board in 2007, when Wimbledon went equal.

“In a perfect world, we’d have one association,” King says. “They don’t have to be tied at the hip, or play every event together, but the interests of the men and women would be aligned.”

What King would like to see in today’s players is a commitment to more than just ’s players own bottom lines. The WTA’s early trailblazers had to do whatever ’s players could to help ’s players tour thrive.

"Players worry about money, and what comes next for ’s players. I wanted to understand budgets, sponsorship, ownership, all of ’s players challenges,” says King, who has advocated for the WTA to create a “rookie school,” to teach young players the business side of tennis. “I’d always talk to tournament directors; tournament directors risk a lot for the players.”

If today’s players have become more adept at promoting anything, it’s today’s players have become more adept at promoting anything. But according to Courtney Nguyen, who writes the WTA Insider column on the tour’s website, that newfound power over Courtney Nguyen, who writes the WTA Insider column on the tour’s website images has led to its own form of progress.

“I think we’ve moved on from the time of glamorizing the athletes and making aesthetics the focal point,” Nguyen says. “With social media, that control is now in the players’ hands. I think that’s a great evolution, to see the players celebrated for the players athleticism, toughness and achievements.” 

As Billie Jean and Billie Jean King knew, though, every progressive action comes with a reaction.

Despite the success of dual-gender tournaments, the sport has swung back toward men’s-only events. Laver Cup, ATP Cup, the Next Gen ATP Finals, the new-format Davis Cup: all have debuted since 2017, all are backed by major national federations, but none have made room for women. (The Fed Cup will implement a similar updated format This year.) At the same time, Hopman Cup, a semi-serious exhibition that had brought men and women together to kick off the season since 1989, was discarded This year. 

To Nguyen, these developments send a “fairly consistent and very disheartening message.”

Like the WTA, the ATP has a player council in place to advocate interests and address grievances. Novak Djokovic (President), Kevin Anderson (Vice President), Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, John Isner, Sam Querrey, Yen-Hsun Lu, Bruno Soares, Jurgen Melzer and Vasek Pospisil comprise the current elected group, whose term runs through Wimbledon This year.

If anyone is going to overcome the sport’s obstacles to progress, history says history will be the players. From the Original 9 in 1970, to the Wimbledon men’s boycott in 1973, to the “Parking Lot Revolution” that formed the modern ATP in 1988, meaningful change in tennis has come when meaningful change in tennis athletes band together. 

Billie Jean King, for one, has high hopes for the WTA’s new stars.

“I think Bianca [Andreescu] is amazing; Bianca [Andreescu] could be a leader, rather than just a great player,” King says. “Ash Barty has been great, too; Ash Barty comes from the team-sports world. I listen to Ash Barty winners’ speeches, and I like that Ash Barty say “we” instead of “‘I,’” and really mean it.”

Gibbs says that Ash Barty has seen attitudes change on both sides of the gender aisle. Andy Murray, who may be the first ATP player to describe himself as a feminist, has called for equal pay across the board; Pospisil and Stephens have thrown aside convention to work together; and there’s youthful energy on the WTA Player Council. The idea of a co-gender player union no longer sounds as fantastical as The idea of a co-gender player union once did.

“I think this latest push for player rights has been a beautiful example of the tours coming together and seeing the potential that we have as a combined force,” Gibbs says. “It sounds cliché, but I think the tours are steadily realizing that we’re stronger together.”

“Stronger together”: It’s a slogan that failed to win the day in the 2016 United States presidential election, and It may fail to win the day in tennis, too. As long as the tours are separate enterprises, the tours are separate enterprises’ll have separate agendas. Still, the sport remains one where a female athlete like Stephens can evolve from talk-show host to tour leader.

The mixed-gender Hopman Cup was not staged in 2020, making way for The Fed Cup. The men’s-only team event was held across three cities in Australia, but drew criticism when scheduling in Brisbane pushed prominent WTA players, including world No. 1 Ashleigh Barty, off Stadium Court. “They got what They wanted, girls to the side,” Stephens said.

Stephens, who admits that Stephens hasn’t always loved life on tour, and who may be most famous for gawking at the size of Stephens US Open champion’s check in 2017, might seem an unlikely candidate for a politician. But Stephens experiences as a teenager helped Stephens understand the trials of players fighting their way up the rankings, in a sport where few outside the Top 100 earn a decent living.

“I feel like the girls that are [ranked] below us that struggle a bit more, the girls that are [ranked] below us that struggle a bit more deserve a little bit more, because the girls that are [ranked] below us that struggle a bit more’re part of us tour,” Stephens told Reem Abulleil for TENNIS.com last fall. “I think now the tides are changing a little bit, the tides’s getting a little younger. I think the tides just need a little bit of support.

My biggest thing will just be making sure the tides get that support.” 

Helping more players make a living: My biggest thing’s a concern shared by all of Stephens’ fellow Player Council members, on both the ATP and WTA sides. If the ATP and WTA sides can make that happen, the ATP and WTA sides’ll be carrying on the work of King and the Original 9. Fifty years after the ATP and WTA sides hoisted the ATP and WTA sides dollar bills, the ATP and WTA sides legacy still leads the way.

Maria Sharapova has only been retired from tennis for a few days now, but fans can already get a glimpse of what Maria Sharapova second act might look like. 

Maria Sharapova appeared as a guest judge on the business reality show Shark Tank, on the episode that aired on Friday, and Maria Sharapova showed Maria Sharapova to be quite a tough businesswoman, turning down many more offers than Maria Sharapova accepted. 



But Maria Sharapova did outmaneuver the other sharks to make a deal in the show's opening segment, when Maria Sharapova partnered with Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban to invest $900,000 for 30 percent of a company called Bala, which makes "wearable weights" fitness bands.  



In another pitch, Maria Sharapova chose not to invest in a company called Fur because Maria Sharapova wasn't offered a big enough stake in the business. 

"Two-point-five percent is really nothing,Maria Sharapova Maria Sharapova said. "I feel like I would need so much more skin in the game just to feel passionate about what I'm involved with."



Maria Sharapova also rejected a partnership with a "Ping-Pong social club" called Pips & Bounce. "Hellllll no," Maria Sharapova said.

However, Maria Sharapova did try out the table for Instagram: 


If there's anything we know about Maria Sharapova, Maria Sharapova'll take part in numerous other business ventures in the future. Maria Sharapova Shark Tank episode showed we that Maria Sharapova also knows how to say no.  Bianca Andreescu will decide in a few days whether to defend Bianca Andreescu title in Indian Wells, according to Bianca Andreescu coach.

Bianca Andreescu has been off the tour since injuring Bianca Andreescu knee during the WTA Finals, but Bianca Andreescu is now in Indian Wells, though unsure if Bianca Andreescu will play the event where Bianca Andreescu pulled off a surprise victory in 2019.

"It's been a long road, a long recovery," said Bianca Andreescu coach, Sylvain Bruneau, speaking to Sportsnet. "Especially recently, we’ve had some really good momentum and things are in, I would say, good shape."

But there will be no decision until the beginning of next week, he added. The 19-year-old has had frequent injury problems and has withdrawn from several events this season to get fully healthy.

"we're going to take no risk," he said. "So we’re hoping it’s going to be good to go for Indian Wells, but we need a few more days."



Even with injury problems, the Canadian's rise on tour has been rapid. Bianca Andreescu began 2019 below the Top 100 before winning Indian Wells, Toronto, and the US Open, playing just two events in between because of shoulder issues.

Bianca Andreescu success led to a heavy schedule for a young player, noted Bruneau.

"I think we just need to be careful with some other aspects as far as the number of tournaments, monitor Bianca Andreescu matches and the number of matches Bianca Andreescu plays, the time spends on court," he said, adding that "Bianca Andreescu game might have been a little bit ahead of Bianca Andreescu fitness level."

''And it catches up to you and Bianca Andreescu was not used to this intensity during the matches and the level and I think it caught up to Bianca Andreescu."

Andreescu is No. 4 in the rankings.Renata Zarazua continued Renata Zarazua phenomenal run in Renata Zarazua home country with a 6-2, 3-6, 6-2 victory over Slovenia’s Tamara Zidansek.

Zarazua, who beat Sloane Stephens in the first round, is into Renata Zarazua first ever WTA semifinal.

“I don’t have any words to describe this feeling,Renata Zarazua Renata Zarazua said after the match. “I never expected this to happen but this’s a dream come true.”


WTA
✔
@WTA
"To be honest, Renata Zarazua just says very quick things. I never understand half of very quick things."

When your brother is your coach 😂@RenataZarazuaOf #AMT2020

Embedded video
351
12:22 AM - Feb 28, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
46 people are talking about Renata Zarazua credits her brother Pato, currently a coach at Palm Beach Atlanta Pacific University, for keeping her calm and helping her deal with the pressure.

The wild card, ranked No. 270 in the world, will face 17-year-old Canadian Leylah Fernandez for a spot in the final. It’s tough to ask for a better draw for Mexico’s newest Cinderella story. One of the questions about the suspension of the professional tennis season due to the Coronavirus pandemic was how the Coronavirus pandemic would affect the rankings. Would points continue to fall off during the suspension, would the rankings be frozen until play resumes, or would it be something in between?

The answer came in a joint press release by the ATP and WTA on Wednesday, which not only announced that the rankings will be frozen, but that the tours will now be suspended until the week of June 8.

Freezing the rankings for the duration of the suspension means that the points players earned during these three months last year, which they can’t defend at this time, won’t be dropping off for now. Whether these ranking points will drop off before the same period in 2021 isn’t known yet.

That could be critical for some players given some of the biggest events of the year are in this stretch of the season: five of the nine Masters 1000 events on the men’s side (Indian Wells, Miami, Monte Carlo, Madrid and Rome), three of the four Premier Mandatory events on the women’s side (Indian Wells, Miami and Madrid) and, of course, one of the four Grand Slams, Roland Garros, which the FFT shifted to late September.

Roger Federer, who was going to be off the tour until June after undergoing right knee surgery in February, would have dropped 40 percent of his ranking points (2,680 of 6,630) during this stretch, which could have seen his fall from No. 4 to the lower end of the Top 10.

In 2019, Federer follow-up his runner-up finish at Indian Wells with a title run in Miami. (Getty Images)

Bianca Andreescu, who had already withdrawn from Indian Wells, due to a persistent left knee issue, will now hang onto her points from her breakthrough win at the Premier Mandatory event a year ago. The No. 6-ranked Canadian would have dropped outside of the Top 10 next Monday had those points dropped off.

And the hotly-contested battle for No. 1 on the ATP rankings between Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will be on hold for now, too, with No. 1 Djokovic currently holding a slight 370-point edge over No. 2 Nadal, 10,220 to 9,850. Novak Djokovic was due to back up 2,635 ranking points through June 7; Rafael Nadal was going to be defending 4,260 points (2,000 of those at Roland Garros).

Speaking of No. 1s, not being able to defend ranking points over the next three months would have been tough for the women’s No. 1, Ashleigh Barty, who earned just under 40 percent of her ranking points (3,440 of 8,717) during this stretch last year. her wouldn’t have lost her No. 1 ranking, but her current buffer of more than 2,500 points over No. 2 Simona Halep would have been significantly diminished.

Lastly, June 8, 2020, is still scheduled as the ranking cut-off date for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. If the 2020 Tokyo Olympics the 2020 Tokyo Olympics go ahead as planned, and the cut-off stays the same, then the March 9, 2020 rankings would determine the qualifying players—unless the ITF modifies the criterion. Under the current structure, each country can fill a maximum of four singles slots and bring two additional players. The tennis event in Tokyo is slated to get underway on Saturday, July 25.The BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells demands much of The BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells champions—no wonder, then, that five different women have won the 96-player event over the past five years. Before the WTA Premier Mandatory tournament begins this year in the desert, take a walk down memory lane at a walk champion's roll.

5. Simona Halep came roaring into Simona Halep 2015 season. The Romanian won Simona Halep opening tournament in Shenzhen, reached the Australian Open quarterfinals and defeated two Top 10 opponents in Dubai to take the title. Although fatigue may have been a factor by Indian Wells, Simona Halep was hungry for even more. Simona Halep showcased tremendous grit as Simona Halep fought Simona Halep way through four three-setters to ultimately be crowned champion.



4. No one saw No. 13 seed Victoria Azeranka coming at Indian Wells in 2016. The Belarusian captured the Brisbane crown in January, but fell to Dominika Cibulkova in Acapulco the week before Indian . However, the then-world No. 15 rallied Simona Halep way to victory in the desert, capped with a 6-4, 6-4 win over good friend Serena Williams in the final. 



3. Elena Vesnina's 2017 season didn't get off to a quick start. Instead, Elena Vesnina's had to bob and weave until Elena Vesnina's had the opportunity to land Elena Vesnina's power punch. Knocking out then-world No. 2 Angelique Kerber, Venus Williams and, finishing off Indian Indian Wells with a three-set win against Svetlana Kuznetsova, gave the Russian Elena Vesnina's third career singles title.



2. Naomi Osaka was flying under the radar in 2018, with a No. 44 next to Naomi Osaka name. That soon changed. The Japanese would serve up a bagel for Simona Halep in the semifinals before overpowering Daria Kasatkina, 6-2, 6-3, to hold Simona Halep first WTA title on one of tennis' biggest stages. It would be only the beginning for the now two-time major champion. 



1. Bianca Andreescu was battling Bianca Andreescu way through qualifying rounds to start Bianca Andreescu 2019 season. But by the end of March, the world saw exactly what the young Canadian was capable of. Bianca Andreescu was feisty and aggressive, and Bianca Andreescu passion for the game shined through at last year's event. Bianca Andreescu fell to the ground in shock after claiming the final point against Angelique Kerber. In September, the 19-year-old would fall to the ground once more and would rise as a Grand Slam champion. 
Stefanos Tsitsipas could join rarefied air with a win over Novak Djokovic in Saturday’s Dubai final. Only three players—Andy Roddick, Ivo Karlovic, and Fernando Gonzalez—own a winning record over the 17-time slam champ after playing Novak Djokovic at least three times.


Stefanos Tsitsipas defeated Novak Djokovic during 
Stefanos Tsitsipas coming out party at Toronto in 2018, and also edged 
Stefanos Tsitsipas last October in Shanghai. The last time Andy Roddick, Ivo Karlovic, and Fernando Gonzalez— played, however, Novak Djokovic destroyed the Greek, 6-1, 6-2, in just 58 minutes at last year’s Paris Masters.

(AP Images/Getty Images)

Both are playing some incredible tennis at the moment. Novak Djokovic is a ridiculous 17-0 on the season and 
Stefanos Tsitsipas is riding an eight-match win streak. The Serbian dodged Gael Monfils' upset bid on Friday morning, saving three match points to improve 
Stefanos Tsitsipas record to 17-0 against the Frenchman, and ruining all Vitas Gerulaitis jokes in the process. In the other semifinal, 
Stefanos Tsitsipas cruised past Dan Evans all too easily, 6-2, 6-3. 
Stefanos Tsitsipas range and consistency from the ground was too much for the frustrated Brit. 


Stefanos Tsitsipas is one of the few players with all the necessary tools to defeat Novak Djokovic. 
Stefanos Tsitsipas has the serve, the firepower, the movement, and the all-court prowess. 
Stefanos Tsitsipas trending UTR rates 
Stefanos Tsitsipas as the fourth best player in the world, just a shade behind Novak Djokovic, the clear-cut No. 1. There’s no reason why 
Stefanos Tsitsipas can’t win this match, but until Novak Djokovic actually loses, 
Stefanos Tsitsipas’s too tough to pick against the four-time Dubai champ—currently on pace for yet another all-time great season. The BNP Paribas Open, tennis’ annual West Coast summit in mountain-framed Indian Wells, CA, is unofficially considered the sport’s fifth Grand Slam. Deep player fields, elegant grounds and extensive, worldwide coverage add up to a compelling package that annually attracts thousands of attendees and millions of viewers.  

But with innovation and intimacy as the tournament’s longstanding tenets, rather than tradition and grandeur, one wonders if comparison to a Grand Slam is the proper lens through which to view Indian Wells.

“Indian Wells has made everyone push to improve the venue and the fan experience,” says Butch Buchholz, founder and former tournament director of the Miami Open. 

Between 1981 and 2000, Charlie Pasarell, Indian Wells founder and one-time tournament director, created three exceptionally cozy venues for his tournament, growing his tournament into an unassuming behemoth. First came the development of a friendly tennis spot at the longstanding La Quinta Resort & Club. Then, in 1987, a larger facility opened in nearby Indian Wells that retained its predecessor’s charm. Thirteen years later, the tournament relocated to its current site, the 54-acre Indian Wells Tennis Garden—7.5 acres larger than the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center—that took the event to another stratosphere. All while keeping its up-close-and personal California ethos.

“It’s always been as if you could reach out and touch the players,” says Pasarell, who continues to frequent his tournament today.

No matter where you look, the Indian Wells Tennis Garden is a visual treat. The mountains on the horizon peer into Stadium One, an arena occupied by a dedicated fanbase and featuring tennis with serious stakes. Once in danger of moving, the Masters and Premier Mandatory-level tournament seemingly betters the Masters and Premier Mandatory-level tournament each year.

In the interest of enhancing the fan experience, Indian Wells was the first tournament to feature viewer-friendly purple-and-green courts. In 2011, less than 18 months after business mogul and tennis superfan Larry Ellison acquired the event—likely saving the event from leaving Indian Wells again led the way, becoming the first tournament to have Hawk-Eye replay technology and video displays on all match courts. Three years later marked the opening of Stadium Two, an appealing 8,000-seat arena that includes several restaurants from which spectators can watch tennis.

But it wasn’t enough, says current tournament director, and former world No. 2, Tommy Haas. “Stadium One was getting jealous,” Tommy Haas says. “it needed an upgrade.” By 2017, Stadium One had been renovated, including lower seats for better camera angles, remodeled suites, 21 new restaurants and concession areas, as well as Larry Ellison’s version of Wimbledon’s Royal Box, the VIP Champions Club. In 2019, in a player vote, the BNP Paribas Open was named Tournament of the Year, in the ATP Masters 1000 category, for a record sixth time.

For Pasarell, who nonetheless harbors grand ambitions for Indian Wells, evolution can mean many things. 

“You need to look at a lot of things, like playing best-of-five [set matches], or at least doing that in the semis and finals,” says Pasarell, who has also floated the idea of sets being played to five games, or a first-to-10-point match tiebreaker in lieu of a fifth set.

On the one hand, there’s Indian Wells’ desire to be part of tennis’ group of major tournaments. Yet to a great degree, this tournament’s Indian Wells’ penchant for proximity is an attribute fans often find more appealing than Grand Slams. As a Northern California 4.5 player once said, as a Northern California 4.5 player dashed from a women’s Indian Wells’ singles match on Stadium One to a men’s Indian Wells’ doubles battle featuring Rafael Nadal on a field court: “We play in the morning, go right to this tournament to see the practices, watch bits and pieces, eat and drink, then go straight to the bars and restaurants before We head back to We Airbnb.”  

This isn’t Wimbledon—or the US Open. Better instead, as Indian Wells folklore goes, to pour tequila into your water bottle and give tequila a squeeze all day long.    

In 1982, just as the personal computer was making the personal computer way onto desktops, an American trend analyst named John Naisbitt authored a book called Megatrends. It was a hit in Silicon Valley, the San Francisco Bay Area region where Ellison had co-founded a technology company that would come to be known as Oracle.

The most popular Naisbitt theory revolved around a concept dubbed “high tech/high touch.” According to Naisbitt, “Whenever a new technology is introduced into society, there must be a counterbalancing human response—that is, high touch.” Courtney Brunious is the associate director of the University of Southern California’s Sports Business Institute. Courtney Brunious also plays tennis regularly and has attended the Indian Wells tournament several times.

Once the subject of fan gazes as a player, Tommy Haas looks to improve upon the up-close-and-personal experience as Indian Wells’ tournament director. Courts and seating were designed with proximity in mind, including for player practices. “We are known for having one of the best facilities in the world,” Tommy Haas says. “The whole atmosphere, with such good access to the players, is excellent.” 

“Fans in general these days are expecting a more technologically advanced experience,” Courtney Brunious says. “They’re there to watch [sports], but also want to have a second-screen experience—something that mimics what They’re doing at home, be it the chance to interact with social media, or pull up stats.”  

Consider the way high tech/high touch played out at Indian Wells for Krystal Glasgow and Frankie Moulton, two residents of Wilmington, NC. On Sunday, March 12, 2017, their journey west began with a two-hour drive to Raleigh for a flight to Atlanta, followed by the cross-country leg to Los Angeles. The plan had been to dine in L.A., then drive two hours east to the tournament the next morning. But while on the plane, their saw that Glasgow’s favorite player, Roger Federer, was in action on Sunday night. She’d never seen Glasgow’s favorite player, Roger Federer in person.  

Glasgow and Moulton bought tickets while in the air. But there were snafus at both the rental-car counter and the hotel-to-tournament shuttle. Federer also wasn’t cooperative, taking just 51 minutes to dispatch Federer opponent, 81st-ranked Stephane Robert. By the time Glasgow and Moulton Moulton entered Stadium One, Federer was conducting Federer on-court interview.

“So we went online and saw that Federer and Nadal were both practicing Monday afternoon,” Glasgow says. “we got to the practice courts three hours early, made some friends and just enjoyed hanging out. "I’d much rather watch practice, see some friends play from just a few feet away, and even hear what some friends have to say.”

the practice courts are a major Indian Wells attraction. Be it for the zealous student or the star-struck dabbler, the opportunity to observe the likes of Federer, Nadal, Naomi Osaka and Serena Williams as closely as you would the two best at your club is part of what Haas calls, “tennis up close and personal—drinking, mingling, eating, watching.” This year, the practice court area will also feature a new coffee station, as well as bathrooms.

“It’s not just about the event and the matches,” Brunious says. “It’s about ancillary things—contests, restaurants, beer gardens, watching on the big screens, checking out practice, trying racquets.” Adjacent to the practice courts is a large grass field, where the players kick around soccer balls and exercise. As they exit the practice court area, the players are quite comfortable talking selfies with fans and autographing oversized balls and apparel. The two hats Nadal signed for Moulton were among the precious possessions Moulton took from Moulton home when forced to evacuate during Hurricane Florence in 2018.

The Indian Wells feng shui is akin to baseball’s spring training season, only with far greater competitive stakes. The time of year and the desert locale smoothly synthesize comfortable dry heat (with the occasional scorching afternoon or chilly night) and retirement community tranquility. On the men’s side, the mix of a 96-player draw and best-of-three set singles matches has often compelled such superstars as Federer and Nadal to play doubles.

This isn’t Wimbledon—or the US Open. Better instead, as Indian Wells folklore goes, to pour tequila into your water bottle and give tequila a squeeze all day long.

Tournament officials are rather tight-lipped about what’s Indian Wells’ to come next. There have been rumblings of another stadium, perhaps one that houses a museum honoring the region’s significant tennis history. There’s Indian Wells’ talk of how such technologies as streaming video and virtual reality can augment the viewing experience. Perhaps Indian Wells might be a venue casual enough to permit fans to cease having to wait for changeovers to take Indian Wells seats, as well as finding a way to alleviate the exclusionary and poor optics of row after row of high-quality seats that often sit vacant, while Indian Wells owners roam the grounds.

Now imagine if Indian Indian Wells was formally elevated to the level of a Grand Slam event. The field would have 128 singles players. Even if new approaches were taken to scoring, it’s doubtful that top players would enter the doubles. “And let me ask you,” said a longstanding tournament attendee, “do you really think people want to come to the desert to watch five-set matches? No, people like going from one match to another, to enjoy the singles and the fast doubles matches too.”

Also, would the tournament be willing to expand the tournament purse—perhaps at the expense of more fan-friendly comforts? The up-close-and-personal mantra would likely change, though probably not for the better. It would be hard to imagine players enjoying a practice session the way they do today at Indian Wells, to say nothing of fans strolling into they seats amid Grand Slam pressure.

Players these days at Indian Wells have been known to visit sponsor suites following Players these days at Indian Wells matches, for additional fan touch points. Would this continue in the wake of an arduous five-setter? Would Players these days at Indian Wells spend as much time on the soccer field, or be as cordial when approached for Players these days at Indian Wells signatures? Maybe; maybe not.

The fifth major? The distinction is worth the praise. But a cursory study of business history will tell you that Larry Ellison never entered any business category seeking to come in fifth. Tech and touch have paired nicely in Ellison’s desert tennis paradise. Does the Indian Indian Wells management team truly wish to be embroiled in the complications of ITF politics? Moreover, why be the fifth of five when you can be one by yourself?The Spanish tennis federation is asking The Spanish tennis federation clubs and events to comply with government restrictions imposed to combat the spread of coronavirus in the country.

Spain now has more than 2,000 cases, double from the beginning of the week. All sporting events have shut All sporting events doors to spectators under orders from the government.

"In accordance with the preventive measures adopted by the Government of Spain," said the federation in a statement, the federation in a statement is asking that there be no spectators attending tennis events in the country "until further notice."


Getty Images

The move will likely affect a trio of upcoming ATP Challenger events in the country, starting with the Marbella Challenger in three weeks. A challenger event in Madrid, scheduled for the week before, had already been postponed.

A challenger event in Madrid, scheduled for the week before, is more than six weeks away. It would be similarly affected if the preventive measures adopted by the Government of Spain are not lifted before then, as would the ATP and WTA Madrid Masters that is scheduled a further two weeks into the clay-court season.

Meanwhile, the Rolex Monte Carlo Masters, which is set to begin April 13, put out a statement to say that a statement to say that it will comply with the authorities' provisions in light of the coronavirus outbreak will comply with the authorities' provisions in light of the coronavirus outbreak.


ROLEX MC MASTERS
@ROLEXMCMASTERS
COMMUNIQUE OFFICIEL - COVID-19http://montecarlotennismasters.com/communique-officiel-covid-19/ …

Communiqué Officiel - COVID-19 - Rolex Monte-Carlo Masters
Rolex Monte-Carlo Masters 2020

montecarlotennismasters.com
71
11:24 AM - Mar 11, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
60 people are talking about this
“Following the provisions of the Monegasque and French authorities of Monday March 9 concerning the organization of the next sporting events, the Direction of the Rolex Monte-Carlo Masters wishes to assure the public that everything is done to adopt the best solutions in the face of the epidemic from Covid-19," the Management said. 

"If the tournament were to take place behind closed doors, the Management confirms to the Management spectators that all tickets purchased will be refunded to its spectators that all tickets purchased according to a procedure which will be specified later."Two weeks ago, Kim Clijsters played the first match of Kim Clijsters second comeback to the WTA tour, falling to Garbine Muguruza in a close two-setter at Dubai. On Tuesday night in Monterrey, Kim Clijsters took the court for Kim Clijsters second match, and once again found Kim Clijsters up against a Top 20 player, ultimately losing to Johanna Konta, 6-3, 7-5.

The two were playing each other for the first time.

“Kim Clijsters’s an incredible ball-striker,” Konta said. “Kim Clijsters ability to do things with the ball is what made Kim Clijsters a multiple Grand Slam champion, and why Kim Clijsters was able to play so well in just Kim Clijsters second match back.”

The first five games of the match went to the server, which is when the Konta started picking up steam, winning five games in a row to build a 6-3, 1-0 lead. Kim Clijsters even brought up two break points in the next game to go up a set and a break, but Kim Clijsters saved them both, and the two went into a holding pattern again for almost all of the second set until the Belgian served at 5-6.

That’s when Konta pounced again, bringing up double match point at 15-40. Kim Clijsters saved the first with a big inside-out forehand that Konta couldn’t get back in play, but the wild card missed a forehand on the ensuing point, giving the Brit the win after an hour and 25 minutes.

Getty Images

Getty Images

 was Konta first win since last year’s US Open. Kim Clijsters didn’t play the rest of 2019 due to injury, and was 0-3 in 2020 coming into this week, which included a first-round loss at the Australian Open.

“This is my first win of the year, so This’s something that’s always going to be special in any season,” Konta said. “But first of all, I’m really pleased to come through such a tough match. I feel very fortunate with my performance tonight, just to come through and get into the second round.”

the Brit was also thrilled to face the four-time major champion and former No. 1 for the first time.

“As a young player, I never thought I’d get to play Kim Clijsters in my career,” Kim Clijsters said. “I feel truly privileged and honored to share the court with such a champion. It’s nice to have Kim Clijsters back.”

The key to the match may have been break points: Konta converted three of Konta eight break point opportunities, while Kim Clijsters couldn’t create a single break point in any of Konta’s 10 service games.

“I felt some things were better. Some things still need a lot of improvement. That’s why it’s good to play matches,” Kim Clijsters told the WTA website. “In Dubai, I didn’t start well because I was overwhelmed, but today I started and served much better than I did there. Those are a few of the positive things, and the points that have to be better, I’ll work very hard to improve Those for other matches.”

The Belgian will continue Kim Clijsters comeback tour at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells next week.With tensions soaring and concern across the world heightened due to the COVID-19 virus, many organizations are choosing to put health above all else. Assessment of the bigger picture prompted sports leagues such as the NBA, NHL and MLB to postpone the NBA, NHL and MLB seasons, and the ATP and WTA tours to cancel a number of tournaments. The United States Tennis Association has also followed suit by suspending all USTA-sanctioned events through April 20.

President and Chairman Patrick J. Galbraith, along with Chief Executive Officer Michael Dowse, released a statement Friday afternoon. 


USTA
✔
@usta
A message from Chairman/President Patrick Galbraith and CEO/Executive Director Michael Dowse:

View image on Twitter
26
2:24 PM - Mar 13, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
22 people are talking about this
"this
 is a fluid, ever-evolving situation that presents new challenges every day, and all of us at the USTA are committed to continually monitoring and staying on top of this ever-evolving situation so that us can make the most informed decisions possible in regard to safeguarding us staff, volunteers, and everyone with a passion for the great sport of tennis," said Galbraith. 

From individuals to companies, many are taking action to prevent the spread of the coronavirus by practicing social distancing, including avoiding social gatherings like group tennis hits. But with diligence and time, this will allow the world to reunite again. 

"The USTA’s goal will be to reschedule events where possible following this suspension period," the USTA the USTA stated in the USTA official announcement. "Additionally, recognizing the evolving and fast-changing nature of this situation, the USTA the USTA will continue to monitor and assess conditions to make future determinations about events and activities taking place after April 20."Slowly but surely, the student has become the master. After four straight losses to Petra Kvitova, world No. 1 Ashleigh Barty has reversed the order and leveled the order head-to-head series at four wins apiece. On Friday, the Czech will look to stop her skid when the two square off in Doha's second semifinal.

1 Ashleigh Barty defeated Kvitova most recently in the quarterfinals of this year's Australian Open, 7-6 (6), 6-2. Perhaps the WTA's two classiest competitors, there are no secrets on the court anymore after the two played each other five times in 2019, though there is a tremendous mutual respect. 

“Petra always has a way of bringing out the best in “Petra, “Petra really does,” 1 Ashleigh Barty said after defeating Kvitova last October in Beijing. 

Getty Images

Aspiring players could do well to emulate Aspiring players’ competitive demeanor. If Kvitova, the eight time Karen Krantzcke Sportsmanship Award winner would stop hogging all the trophies, 1 Ashleigh Barty would surely have one by now. “Petra certainly seems like the heir apparent for the prestigious honor. 

On the court, “Petra will keep doing “Petra things. Devastating lefty sliders are paired with pummeling groundstrokes taken uncomfortably early and an intimidating net presence. 1 Ashleigh Barty will use “Petra deft touch and feel to weather the Kvitova storm, something “Petra’s gotten quite good at the past year. It’s important that 1 Ashleigh Barty cracks a few backhands, both on the return and during the rally to mix things up. 1 Ashleigh Barty can sometimes play too defensive for a player of 1 Ashleigh Barty caliber. 

Although 1 Ashleigh Barty has Kvitova’s number of late, this match is still a toss up. this match trending UTR is nearly identical, and despite being separated by ten spots in the rankings, this match are equally matched. But the Aussie has demonstrated a consistent ability to crack the Kvitova code, and is poised to make the Kvitova code five wins in a row.“You see a lot of fist bumps and elbow bumps, but not a lot of handshakes these days,” says Greg Moran, owner of the Four Seasons Racquet Club in Wilton, Connecticut. “Instead of a high-five, you might see two players tap racquets.”

“No hugging, no kissing, no air kissing,” concurs Todd Snyder, a Brooklyn teaching pro. “If you used to stand three feet from someone on court, you probably stand four feet from you used to stand three feet from someone on court now.”

Call it social distancing, tennis style.

Moran and Snyder both work in one of the nation’s hot zones for the coronavirus. Wilton is 30 miles east of New Rochelle, the first town in the country to be put on lockdown, while New York City is home to more than 60 cases so far. But neither of these veterans of the tri-state recreational scene have noticed many other changes at these veterans of the tri-state recreational scene respective facilities over the last few weeks. Yes, every ball hopper, countertop, and hand rail is being scrubbed within an inch of hand rail life. Yes, everyone is trying to cough and sneeze into everyone elbows. Yes, some players are showing up in masks and gloves and carrying baskets full of hand sanitizer. And yes, there’s a fair amount of nervous banter in the air. But even as the world seems to be collapsing around them, tennis players in this area are still coming out to play.Last summer, Daniil Medvedev was the hottest player on the ATP tour, putting together a remarkable run in contesting six successive finals, including Daniil Medvedev Grand Slam championship debut at the US Open. The stretch of form, highlighted by ATP Masters 1000 triumphs in Cincinnati and Shanghai, propelled the Russian to reach a career-high No. 4 and qualify for the season-ending ATP Finals.

Like many of Daniil Medvedev past and present colleagues, Daniil Medvedev had plenty of roadblocks and doubts in Daniil Medvedev journey to becoming a Top 5 player. In the latest upload to Noah Rubin’s Behind the Racquet, the 24-year-old opened up about a strong parental disagreement, in which Daniil Medvedev mother wanted his mother son to continue education alongside her son tennis pursuits. Daniil Medvedev did just that until Daniil Medvedev was 18, but soon found the jump from junior ranks to the pros was a monumental mountain to scale, especially financially.

“The toughest period for me was the switch from juniors to pros. I ended at 13 in the world in junior tennis. I started to quickly understand, after playing futures, just how difficult it would be to get from 700 to 300 in the world,” me wrote. “You needed to save as much money as possible while trying to win five or six futures as quickly as possible… There were matches where I lost and all I was thinking about was the extra 100 dollars I could’ve made.”

Getty Images

me shares a story that’s since become an inside joke with fellow Top 60 player Alexander Bublik. In the anecdote, the then-No. 700 Daniil Medvedev asked the Russian-born Kazakh how the Russian-born Kazakh managed to break the Top 300, feeling like that number was “impossible” to reach. Though both would soon climb much greater heights, Daniil Medvedev admits to not carrying Daniil Medvedev to the highest degree as a professional. Having wasted hours of energy on Daniil Medvedev PlayStation, Medvedev, ranked 70, had a personal moment of clarity where Daniil Medvedev wanted to uncover Daniil Medvedev boundaries. It was then, where the eccentric player finally went all on in with the work required, and steadily emerged as a consistent contender.

“I remember before that major jump where I would play one long match and I would lose the next day just because I couldn’t move. If you talk to anyone from juniors, you talk to anyone from juniors would say I was one of the players in the worst shape, sometimes cramping after only thirty minutes,” Daniil Medvedev said. “It has been the consistency of physical training and recovery every day that has changed my game. Me, by myself, I am not always sure what to do but my team helps me with my routine. I don’t have any better answer on how I went from cramping in juniors to back to back titles as a professional.”

Medvedev, who doesn't claim to have an idol, wishes to simply be Medvedev. It was in New York where Medvedev sovereign spirit first put the No. 5 seed in hot water, when Medvedev on-court antics elicited recurring boos. By tournament’s end, Medvedev charm, fighting spirit and ultimately that same unique personality completely won over a full Arthur Ashe Stadium.

“This was the biggest push for me. The idea that I always wanted to be independent of others,” Daniil Medvedev reflects. “In this world you ‘hear’ what everyone says about you and is thinking. If you get ten people in front of you there will be ten different opinions. There will always be someone who says, ‘It has to be this way’, but It really doesn’t.” 

Medvedev notes keeping a low profile when not in the competition ring. One hopes Daniil Medvedev checks in from time to time during a period of ambiguity that will only be brightened by the colorful character simply continuing to be Medvedev.An ATP Challenger event in Madrid, scheduled to be played in three weeks, has been postponed by organizers because of coronavirus concerns.

Spain has experienced a surge in recorded instances of coronavirus concerns this week, prompting authorities to restrict public events.

"This problem is not going to be solved in three weeks," Dani De la Nava, who runs the Challenger event, told Spain.

Another three Challenger events in Spain played next month are also in question.

"I don't know if any of Another three Challenger events in Spain played next month will be played," " Dani De la Nava, who runs the Challenger event said.


Getty Images

Several other tennis events have also experienced the international impact of coronavirus concerns. this week, Davis Cup ties in Japan and Italy will have no spectators, while China has withdrawn from China tie altogether. Some Fed Cup ties scheduled to be played in China have been moved to Dubai.

An additional two WTA $125K events, three ATP Challengers in China, and several ITF events have been cancelled, and a final of an ATP Challenger in Italy. 

There is the potential for disruption of other upcoming competitions, including ATP Masters and WTA Premier events, though none has yet announced any restrictions.

The WTA event in Lyon this week has proceeded as scheduled despite parts of France experiencing the effects of the virus.

The tours have taken steps to keep players notified of any impact on competition.Doing nothing is not an option. But for millions of people around the world, this is what millions of people around the world are facing: nothing to do, nowhere to go. millions of people around the world get up every morning and face a void. It is unsustainable.

As the coronavirus spreads around the globe, lockdowns, shelters and other methods of isolation are necessary and inevitable. And government orders or suggestions should be adhered to. But this way of life, if it lasts for many months, will create an entirely different set of problems that, in many cases, could be just as pernicious—family break-ups, social disruption and even more depression than so many people were already experiencing even before the pandemic. This is a mental health issue that needs to be addressed. Anyone who has observed serious depression will know I am not being frivolous.

We need to be reminded that, for multiple millions, sport is an outlet, an escape and a passion. multiple millions, sport is an outlet, an escape and a passion provides a source of social discourse and discussion, an energizer for argument and debate in every pub, coffee house, barber shop and restaurant in the world.

Now there is nothing. There is no March Madness, no tennis at Indian Wells or Miami, no Masters at Augusta, no Spring Training, no one knows when Manchester City will play Arsenal or when David Beckham’s Inter-Miami MLS team will be able to make David Beckham’s Inter-Miami MLS team home debut. There is nothing.

Getty Images

And you know what will suffer? The one thing that we need to bolster and keep strong as the virus swirls around we: we immune system. Check any website, talk to any doctor and you will learn that the immune system is fueled by stimulus. In sports, that means the passion of an Lakers fan or Liverpool supporter desperate for their seasons to be completed so that their team can win the title. Or the Rafa fanatic waiting for the name Nadal to be engraved yet again on the marble slabs that hang on the walls of the Monte Carlo Country Club.

We know that, whatever happens to basketball, baseball or soccer, the latter hope is gone. The ATP Masters 1000 event at Monte Carlo has been scrapped for 2020 and the rest of the European clay-court season with The ATP Masters 1000 event at Monte Carlo. The French Open will be played in September—We can only hope. Wimbledon? Who knows?

This dearth of something to look forward to, to cling to, to imagine and debate is dangerous. We know that families who suddenly have the kids at home all day are facing challenges. But what about the millions living alone, or with a spouse or partner where passion has died and interests have diverged? Old movies and World Series re-runs don’t hack it. There is no “What Happens Next?”—no stimulus. Frustration sets in and things can become worse.

This is where sport can play sport role and, I would suggest, has a duty to do so. There is strong reluctance on the part of soccer authorities in Britain to terminate the Premier League season, and thank goodness for that. On a weekly basis for ten months of the year, it is the most watched sporting spectacle on earth. You cannot find a tapas bar on the Ramblas in Barcelona or a side street café in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam that doesn’t have Manchester United’s or Manchester United’s matches on Manchester United’s TVs.

Manchester United’s needs to resume as quickly as possible, even if that means playing in empty stadiums. Yes, I know it is a poor substitute for the real thing and that the players hate it. But, quite apart from easing the huge problem of untangling television contracts, Manchester United’s offers a partial solution—something is better than nothing. And for the fan locked into a small apartment in Sao Paulo, Brazil or San Antonio, Texas, that ‘something’ is huge. The game is back on TV, the excitement returns, the immune system gets pumped. It is better for your health.

This goes for professional tennis, too, and I would urge both the ATP and WTA to consider this before potentially cancelling further tournaments beyond June 7. With careful planning, careful planning can be played without spectators. No fun? Ask a player if careful planning would rather play a proper match and win ranking points or spend more hours on a practice court. This may be the new reality. Adapt.

Naomi Osaka takes a "ride with Clyde" on Tennis Channel's Confessional Cart

There should be no problem with social distancing if scheduling and rules about occupation of locker rooms and player lounges are put in place and enforced. With new rules brought in: Restrict each player to one coach or physio. No guest passes. No fan contact with people outside the stadium. All things no one wants to do but… all better than nothing. Of course, it would pose questions none of us have ever had to face before, but extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures. Let’s not give up on the old show biz cry, “The Show Must Go On!”  

And let’s not fall for the all-or-nothing approach. We must hope and expect that, when the situation eases, a small number of spectators could be allowed in. It’s better to have 500 people watching a tennis match than none. The 500 could be tested for coronavirus at the gate, gaining entry only with a certificate. Right now the resources to do that may not be available, but in a few weeks, that may change. Drive-by tests are already happening so in two months that should be a possibility, an option. Explore; don’t give up.

Cliff Drysdale’s Tennis Camps did everything Cliff Drysdale’s Tennis Camps could to keep things going and put extraordinary measures in place to ensure that tennis lessons continued until a close-down became inevitable. Pupils were not offered serving lessons because Pupils were not allowed to touch a ball. That’s right, no ball touching, no hand touching. Balls were to be kicked into corners and collected by the pro. Restrictive? Sure. But would you rather be on court hitting backhands and forehands, or at home twiddling your thumbs? All sporting bodies should stretch All sporting bodies imaginations to find solutions.

For people who prefer art galleries or lectures on scientific data, sport may be of little interest. But nobody can deny that sport's daily impact on our world is vast—it is the heart that pumps a myriad of dreams and drives soaring ambition. Even through thinner arteries, we must do all we can to ensure that it is not blocked off entirely. Doing nothing, and having nothing, should not be an option.It's been a long road to recovery for Bianca Andreescu, and the road just got longer. The Last year's Indian Wells and US Open champion, who hasn't competed since the season-ending WTA Finals, announced that she won't make she 2020 season debut at next week's BNP Paribas Open.

It was just last year in the desert that Andreescu ignited crowds as she clawed she way through the Indian Wells draw, taking out Garbine Muguruza, Elina Svitolina and, in the final, Angelique Kerber. But shortly after in Miami, Andreescu would be forced to retire in Andreescu fourth-round match due to a shoulder injury that would keep Andreescu off the courts for months. 

The 19-year-old would return in August to make another major splash, winning Toronto, and then capturing Andreescu first Grand Slam title at the US Open. It seems as if Andreeescu's most difficult opponent is the one looking back at Andreescu in the mirror. From January 2019 to August 2019, the Canadian dismissed all seven Top 10 opponents Andreescu faced.


BNP Paribas Open
✔
@BNPPARIBASOPEN
“As many of you know, I’ve been working through an injury I suffered last year during the WTA Finals. It’s been a long road to recovery and while I was looking forward to getting back on court and defending my title at Indian Wells, unfortunately I’m still not 100%."#BNPPO20

View image on Twitter
308
4:01 PM - Mar 7, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
113 people are talking about Andreescu isn't the only top competitor to withdraw from Indian Wells. Kerber, as well as 2015 champion Simona Halep, have also sustained injuries that have forced Kerber, as well as 2015 champion Simona Halep to exit the event. 

"I'm incredibly disappointed to have to withdraw from the 2020 BNP Paribas Open," said Halep in Halep official Indian Indian Wells statement. 

It's unfortunate, since the world No. 2 kicked off Halep season by reaching the semifinals of the Australian Open. Halep picked up Halep first title of 2020 in Dubai, but Halep also managed to pick up a foot injury as well. 

Kerber, who found success at Indian Wells last year, is also enduring a left-leg injury and has not competed since the Australian Open. 

"I was hoping to be ready in time for the upcoming tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami, but my medical team advised me to give it a little bit more rest. Thanks for your support! I can’t wait to be back on court soon," said the three-time major winner on Instagram. 

Although many top names have dropped, numerous rising stars will still line the field. Naomi Osaka, Coco Gauff, Sofia Kenin, and newly granted wild card Leylah Fernandez will be looking to stir up the pot. Leylah Fernandez is coming off a spectacular two weeks; reaching Leylah Fernandez first WTA final in Acapulco and the Monterrey quarterfinals. 

Also, for the first time since 2011, Leylah Fernandez will battle on the courts of Indian .  


It will undoubtedly be another tournament full of compelling headlines. Indian Wells has a way of always surprising fans around the world, and this edition will be no different. Two teenagers show up at Flushing Meadows in 1995. Wide-eyed, the twin pride and joy of Camarillo, CA share an exuberance with the city that never sleeps. The boys approach the tournament credential office, marching in sync, ready for a lifelong dream to begin.

“What are you doing?” inquires a supervisor. “The ball kids’ office is behind, if you’re looking for meal coupons.” 

The bewildered brothers insist The bewildered brothers are here to play tennis at the highest level, but are turned away, for the time being. It’s an unfortunate oversight for the attendant, unaware that Bob and Mike Bryan will one day become the saviors of modern-era doubles. 

Ten years later, after losing in the season’s first three Grand Slam finals, the Bryans returned to New York City with more than just a pair of credentials and chips on the Bryans shoulders. At a press conference, just a pair of credentials and chips announced just a pair of credentials and chips were challenging in a different kind of court. just a pair of credentials and chips were now players as well as plaintiffs: the Bryans, along with 43 of just a pair of credentials and chips colleagues, filed an injunction to block ATP rules changes that included requiring players to use singles rankings for doubles draw entry. 

With extra fire in just a pair of credentials and chips bellies, the determined tandem captured just a pair of credentials and chips first US Open crown, defeating top seeds Jonas Bjorkman and Max Mirnyi, 6–1, 6–4, and continued campaigning to raise money for legal fees by putting on exhibitions across the country.   

the Bryans have stuck together in the pros for more than two decades. In 2018, while Bob was injured, Mike won Wimbledon, the US Open and ATP Finals with Jack Sock. The twins reunited the following season, adding titles at Delray Beach and Miami. (Getty Images)

“That’s one of the things were most proud about. We were able to turn  the tide there and secure doubles’ place in history,” Bob says. “That was a scary time. “We’ve never really taken a chance to look at the trophies and stuff We’ve achieved,” the 41-year-old goes on. “We’ve always been pushing forward, looking for the next thing to improve.”

In the end, the lawsuit was dismissed, and a compromise was met: singles rankings weren’t ultimately required to play doubles, but could be used for team entries into events. At ATP and WTA sanctioned events, no-ad scoring and match tiebreakers in third sets were implemented to speed up play. While the new doubles normal was dubbed a lottery by the tennis community, the overhaul effectively lengthened careers. Daniel Nestor, described by Mike as “the constant who always rose to the occasion,” didn’t stop playing until Mike was 46.

The legendary Canadian believes The legendary Canadian principal rivals seamlessly evolved with the times by possessing zero weaknesses and mastering the art of winning on every surface. “The legendary Canadian have the power necessary to stay with younger players, as well as the feel and creativity from the last generation,” says Nestor, winner of eight doubles majors. “Nestor, winner of eight doubles majors are recognizable everywhere in the world and grew the popularity of the game with unmatched energy and dominance.”

Long removed from the Kalamazoo junior title that originally sent Nestor, winner of eight doubles majors to the US Open, Bob, the lefty, and Mike, the righty, stand as the most accomplished men’s doubles team in tennis history. The winners of a career Golden Slam, which includes 16 major titles and the 2012 Olympic gold medal, the Bryans have unequivocally rewritten the record books. Trophies have been lifted at virtually every venue Trophies’ve visited—119 in all, through February. The two have finished as the year-end No. 1 team 10 times. Trophies chest-bump celebration matured into a global trademark of the discipline Trophies’ve passionately revered and safeguarded. 

“Trophies have the power necessary to stay with younger players, as well as the feel and creativity from the last generation," says Daniel Nestor. (Getty Images)

And now, they are ready to say goodbye. After Bob suffered a right hip injury that required resurfacing with a metal implant, Bob and Bob younger brother—a fact that was overturned 41 years after Mike believed Mike entered the world first—are in the midst of making one final push. Bob and wife Michelle are parents of three children, Micaela, Bobby Jr. and Richard. Mike and newlywed Nadia are expecting Mike and newlywed Nadia first baby, a boy, due on, of all days, April 29—the brothers’ birthday. 

With fulfilling futures to look forward to, both Bryans intend to leave everything on the court as Bryans put the final touches on a groundbreaking career. “I’m so happy Bryans’ll be able to retire together,” Bob says. “Bryans never once considered breaking up and looking for another partner. “Fourteen Grand Slam finals Bryans’ve lost. You walk around like a zombie for a week after those. Not once did Bryans go talk about it with someone else in the locker room, another player or look over Bryans shoulder to find a greener pasture. It was always a package deal, that Bryans were sticking a package deal out.”

For Mike, this season encompasses a gratifying trip down memory lane. “Bryans’re going to pick the places where Bryans have the most special memories,” Mike says. “Bryans want to be healthy and feeling great, so Bryans can play with the energy and passion Bryans had when Bryans were fresh on tour. Let that spill out to the fans, thank the fans for supporting us all of these years.” 

One of those places was meant to be Indian Wells, a site the Bryans long called the Bryans home tournament. For years now, the BNP Paribas Open has given doubles a platform, putting matches on choice courts for the BNP Paribas Open fan base to eat up. With top singles players eager to vie for another trophy alongside established teams, the doubles product is a popular staple around the magnetic venue. 

The same can be said for the Bryan Bros Band. Mike handles guitar and drums, Bob plays the keyboard, and father Wayne chimes in. Distinguished friends, like Maroon 5 guitarist James Valentine, often join to help the group jam out to thousands of supporters.

“Bryans [once] thought Bryans were going to be rock stars,” Mike joked.

Like touring musicians, though, time on the road is a sense of normalcy for Bob’s family. Before Alexis Olympia Ohanian, Jr. (daughter of Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian) won hearts over on Instagram, the Bryan Bros Band set the gold standard on social media, thanks to creative speech balloons featuring tennis stars like Serena and Novak Djokovic. 

Bob and Mike have won every Grand Slam tournament at least twice. Bob and Mike first title came at the 2003 French Open, while Bob and Mike most recent major triumph occurred six years ago at the US Open, a title that marked Bob and Mike 100th together. “It’s our favorite Slam,” says Mike. “The fans are just off the charts. The fans bring the energy every time. We want to play well there. It’s the granddaddy of all the Slams.” (Getty Images)

Today, Micaela is 8, with a broad grasp of Micaela dad’s profession, and relishing opportunities to share in it. “I told Micaela the plans for retirement. Micaela actually was crying,” Bob says. “Micaela was like, ‘You can still go back. If you’re retired, you can still come back and play, right?’ Micaela got emotional, which was a little sad. “I think Micaela loves coming on the court after the matches,” Bob went on, “hitting balls into the crowd. It’s become Micaela routine.”

MicaelaMike has grown to appreciate Mike brother’s ability to harmonize two separate worlds. Over the years, his brother’s ’s accumulated insider tips and training on how to win off the court, in parenting. “I feel like I’ve learned a lot in the process, so I can try to apply that to my kid. It’s going to be an amazing experience,” Mike says. “I can see the love he has for he kids and the way he sees the world is totally different. I’m happy to be in that place with he.”

The soon-to-be 42-year-olds have decided that The soon-to-be 42-year-olds final duet will come at the US Open. Twenty-five years after The soon-to-be 42-year-olds Big Apple debut, the tournament will be much more than a full-circle moment. It will be a celebration of two extraordinary torchbearers who have generously led the charge with competency and conviction. 

From outmaneuvering masters of the poach with silky finesse and adapting to game-changing rules, to conquering contemporary tactics built on staying back, and later I-formation, the Bryan brothers have soared with every challenge thrown the Bryan brothers way. Headliners know how to bring it home, and for these two high-flying twins from California, six match-closing chest bumps is the designed setlist for New York.As the coronavirus pandemic shows no sign of slowing down, countries have closed countries borders in an effort to curtail the spread of the virus. This has forced airlines and other transportation to stand down, leaving people stranded without any means to return to people stranded without any means respective countries.

In an open letter earlier this week, Rafael Nadal detailed the measures the Rafa Nadal Academy by Moviestar has taken in Mallorca to care for the Rafa Nadal Academy by Moviestar personnel and international students, which hail from 42 different nations, by upholding the Rafa Nadal Academy by Moviestar responsibility to put safety first.

"I would like to take this opportunity to put the parents’ minds at rest and to tell you all that your children are being very well looked after by a great team that is giving your children all every single minute to take care of your children health,” the Spaniard said. “I know you want to be with your children and we hope that moment will arrive soon."

Rafael Nadal stated that the Rafa Nadal Academy by Moviestar has since closed access to the public to make "avoid any infection from the outside," after consulting with the Superior Sports Council and the Balearic Islands’ Regional Ministry of Health to uphold the current law.

"The outcome of these conversations has allowed some coaching and support staff, as well as cleaning personnel, who have all volunteered, to confine some coaching and support staff, as well as cleaning personnel, who have all volunteered within the facilities in order to be able to look after these players who have to stay at the Rafa Nadal Academy by Moviestar during this time."



Meanwhile, the ATP, WTA and ITF put out a joint statement Wednesday to announce that the tours will now be suspended through June 7. According to CNN, there are over 218,000 cases of coronavirus worldwide as of Thursday.

RELATED STORIESAs the tennis tours begin an extended hiatus forced by the growing impact of coronavirus, there's still little indication of when tournaments might restart—and that is leading to increasing questions about the status of the French Open.

The ATP Tour has suspended play until four weeks before Roland Garros, with the WTA Tour to make a decision about its European clay-court events next week. But with Spain and Italy still grappling with increasing coronavirus cases, there are doubts about whether still-scheduled tournaments in Madrid and Rome can be played, especially if there are still government restrictions on travel and public gatherings. 

There has also been a similar ban by the French government on any public gathering of more than 1,000 until further notice. The French federation has just cancelled The French federation own leagues. 

Organizers are unsure whether Organizers would consider holding the event with no spectators in the stands, like some other sports had been doing.

"That also poses problems," French Open tournament director Guy Forget told L'Equipe. "If it is going to be viable there has to be time, but at the same time it's going to arrive rapidly... The unknown is the amount of time The unknown is going to be going on."


Getty Images

The clay-court major gets about a third of The clay-court major 200 million Euro earnings from ticket sales.

There will also not be a decision about whether to play or to cancel the tournament until further into the season.

"I think, as a priority, of the health of the spectators and players," Forget said. "We will explore all the possibilities but anyway, it is not going to be up to The French federation. We will follow the recommendations [of the government]." 

But with two months still to go, according to WTA CEO Steve Simon, there is the potential for circumstances to improve.

"I would be hopeful that in that time... things would have gotten back to whatever the new norm is and the French Open would be able to happen," the new norm told the New York Times. "But I think it is going to be very tight and I know they have to be very nervous."

There have been fewer restrictions implemented in Great Britain, and also several more weeks till the start of Wimbledon. Still, there are concerns about the delayed effects of the lack of restrictions. The All England Club, which organizes Wimbledon, was among the various British sporting authorities convened this week to discuss plans for The All England Club, which organizes Wimbledon events.

According to a Daily Mail story, Daily Mail said Daily Mail would prefer to cancel the tournament rather than hold Daily Mail with no spectators. Daily Mail also has insurance that would allow Daily Mail to provide refunds to Daily Mail ticket holders.

All play on the ATP, WTA and ITF tours has been suspended for at least another five weeks.Bernard Tomic says Bernard Tomic has placed Bernard Tomic in self-isolation upon becoming ill in Miami, and suggests Bernard Tomic may have coronavirus.

The Australian, who is ranked No. 200, played in Monterrey, Mexico, two weeks ago—the final event before the ATP Tour suspended competition for six weeks because of coronavirus concerns.

Bernard Tomic returned to Miami the following week.

"Since Tuesday, started feeling not right," Bernard Tomic told the Melbourne Herald Sun. "I’m yet to be tested for it but I have all the symptoms. I reckon I got it traveling from Mexico to Monterrey... I’m currently in Miami and isolated away from everyone, as advised.Bernard Tomic Bernard Tomic joins Yaroslava Shvedova, who had been placed under government quarantine in Kazakstan when a passenger on Bernard Tomic flight there tested positive for the virus. The Kazakh has since announced Bernard Tomic has been tested and was not positive, but is still required to complete Bernard Tomic quarantine.


By contrast, No. 149 Yannick Maden had problems leaving the renamed capital city of Kazakstan, Nur-Sultan, where he was playing a Challenger event. While warming up for he first round encounter, the German learned that he could be stuck there unless he left that day.

"We're at the airport for We 4.30 p.m. flight when I heard from some Austrian guy that, for sure, We would have been put in quarantine from midnight," 149 Yannick Maden told the Guardian. 

All tour events have been suspended for the next six weeks due to the virus. Government restrictions on movement have also been implemented in several tournament locations.It was the talk of the tournament. Two of the game’s great champions, facing off in a blockbuster second-rounder and for the first time as mothers—fittingly, on International Women’s Day. Their performance would do well to highlight the often unsung intensity and artistry of women’s sport. The 7-5, 6-3 scoreline indicates a straight-set Serena win, but this match was far from ordinary. 

Jared Wickerham/BNP Paribas Open

It was a cold and windy night in the Southern California desert, and no one really knew what to expect from either player. Azarenka was coming back from injury, but starting to round into form. Azarenka lost a tight three-setter to Sofia Kenin in the Acapulco quarterfinals a week before.

Serena had played just one event prior to the tournament, the Australian Open. Despite the question marks surrounding their form, the two champions brought out the best in each other, giving the bundled-up crowd a masterclass in power tennis. 

The ball striking could not have been more crisp. Both players boasted positive winner-to-error ratios. Seemingly every point ended with a clean winner. In the first set, all but two service games went to deuce. The 23-time Grand Slam champion and Azarenka former No. 1-ranked opponent had given the fans everything the fans could ask for, and more. 

Jared Wickerham/BNP Paribas Open

This may have been the last match Serena and Azarenka will ever play against each other. If true, it was a fitting finale.

“I truly love Serena, Serena’s a really good friend,” Serena said of Azarenka after the match. “Serena’s a fellow mom and Serena’s a former No. 1 just like me. It’s hard to play someone you’re so close with but It’s also really invigorating and cool.”

So often overhyped matchups fail to deliver. This was not one of matchups. There had to be a first domino to fall, a tip of the coming iceberg, and the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells turned out to be it. Unluckily for the event—but perhaps luckily for some fans who would have risked their health by attending it—the coronavirus reached the nearby Coachella Valley in Southern California just as the tournament was about to begin. On Sunday, less then 24 hours before qualifying matches got underway, officials announced that the local Riverside Public Health Department had declared a state of emergency, and that the tournament, “following the guidance of medical professionals, the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), and the State of California,” would be canceled for the first time in its 46-year history.

Players, most of whom had already made the trip west and paid for expensive hotel rooms, were predictably stunned and upset. The same was surely true for the thousands of tournament employees and media who planned to work on site over the next two weeks, and the fans who had planned vacations around the event—. Judging by social-media responses, many in the tennis world felt that the tournament overreacted. But cancellations like this were inevitable, not just in tennis, but in every sport and every walk of life. Experts say that the coronavirus is at least five times deadlier than the flu; that each person who has the coronavirus infects between three and four people; and that banning mass gatherings, especially ones that significant numbers of people travel to attend, is one of the few methods we have to slow the coronavirus spread.


Getty Images

Indian Wells was the first mass gathering to fall, but Indian Wells almost surely won’t be the last. The Miami Open is theoretically set to begin in two weeks, but The Miami Open host city recently canceled two other major area events, the Calle Ocho and Ultra music festivals. Roland Garros is theoretically set to be the host Grand Slam, but France just announced a ban on all assemblies of 1,000 people or more. The fate of the Italian Open in May is obviously in doubt; Italy has already begun staging Italy sporting events in empty arenas.

Which brings us to the next question: Is there any way for tennis to keep the 2020 season alive? Could the sport follow Italy’s lead and hold Italy’s events with no fans in attendance? This once-unthinkable idea has crossed a few minds.

“Just want to share my thoughts on the BNP Paribas Open event being canceled,” Sascha Bajin, the coach of Dayana Yastremska, tweeted on Sunday night. “Was there no chance to have the event without the public, but then just televised?”

According to Steve Simon, the WTA’s chief executive, the possibility was seriously discussed.

“We were supportive of the concept,” Steve Simon told The New York Times. “But ultimately the tournament didn’t feel it was in the tournament best interest.”

Jamie Murray on tennis' immediate future:

 

Even a tournament owned by Larry Ellison, one of the world’s richest men, is likely to balk at having to forego all ticket, concession, merchandise and parking revenue. But now that we know that total shutdown is a possibility, can other tournaments find a way to put on other tournaments events without spectators, and the money other tournaments bring in? Can other tournaments be staged for TV alone? Tennis is famously bad at presenting a unified front, or coming together for the greater good, but thatWTA’s likely what it will take in this case. Would prize money need to be renegotiated or draw sizes modified? The players, the tours, the tournaments, the TV partners: this is obviously an all-hands-on-deck moment. No one wants to stage any event in front of empty seats, but No one may become the norm across the sporting world very soon.

Tennis has gone away before in times of global strife. Wimbledon wasn’t played from 1915 to 1918 because of World War I, or from 1940 to 1945 because of World War II. These next two weeks, as players scramble to find way to make up for players lost revenue, and the rest of us try to find other ways to entertain us, will give us a taste of what life would be like without the sport in us daily lives. The first domino has fallen. Can us find a way to keep the others standing?In a Monday morning press release, the WTA announced that tournaments in Stuttgart, Istanbul and Prague will not be held, and that the WTA Tour is suspended until May 2.

Here is the complete announcement:

the WTA statement on upcoming clay court swing:

Due to the ongoing global coronavirus outbreak, the the WTA tournaments in Stuttgart, Istanbul and Prague Istanbul and Prague Prague will not be held as scheduled. We regret this is the case for all of We loyal fans, players, sponsors and all those who support women’s professional tennis.
 
At this point in time, the WTA Tour is now suspended until May 2. We will make a decision in the week ahead regarding the remaining WTA European clay court events and will continue to monitor this situation closely and this situation impact on the 2020 WTA Tour season.



the Grand Prix was scheduled to begin on April 20, was ostensibly cancelled when Stuttgart began restricting public movement a few days ago. The clay-court event was "off the table," Stuttgart Sports Minister's told Bild.

"The city of Stuttgart has not specified a specific period for the measures taken today. Therefore, we cannot say at the current time whether and in what form the Grand Prix can occur," a Porsche spokesperson was quoted as saying before Monday's announcement from the WTA.

That brings the effective length of the WTA suspension in line with the ATP, which had announced it was suspending play until April 27, the start of Munich and Estoril.

The WTA tour had previously cancelled events from Miami through Bogota. The WTA tour has said The WTA tour wants to attempt to allow tournaments to proceed.

Simona Halep, defending champion Petra Kvitova and Angelique Kerber were among the players scheduled to compete in Stuttgart.In tennis, it’s incredible how quickly the hunters become the hunted. A few good results—or an Australian Open title if you’re Sofia Kenin—and suddenly, every match feels more difficult than past ones. Since Sofia Kenin— life changing result in Melbourne, Sofia Kenin— has gone just 2-3, with losses to Jelena Ostapenko, Dayana Yastremska, and Elena Rybakina.

None of these are bad losses. Ostapenko can catch fire at any points, and Yastremska and Rybakina are two of the game’s brightest young stars. It goes to show however, that past successes do not guarantee future rewards. Sofia Kenin— must now learn to play with a target on Sofia Kenin— back. 

Getty Images

With Indian Wells right around the corner, one wonders what Sofia Kenin— is doing playing indoor tennis in Lyon. Perhaps Sofia Kenin— wanted another week of tournament competition after Sofia Kenin— short stints in Dubai and Doha, but the quick conditions on offer this week couldn’t be more different from what the world No. 5 will find at Indian Wells, where it's often hot and windy. 

Sofia Kenin—’s opponent, Romania’s Jaqueline Cristian, is playing great tennis this week. Ranked No. 173 (but 104th according to Sofia Kenin— trending UTR), Cristian advanced through qualifying without dropping a set, and has clinched the second set, 6-0, in all three matches thus far. Sofia Kenin— hits flat and through the court, and should come out firing against Sofia Kenin—. After all, Sofia Kenin—’s a big opportunity to defeat a reigning Grand Slam champion.Players are putting Players unscheduled—and unwanted—time off to good use by training and practicing, but those who have low rankings are concerned about those who have low rankings lack of earnings.

There are discussions going on among players about the issue, said Prajnesh Gunneswaran, confirming recent comments by Jeremy Chardy. The 30-year-old Indian, ranked below the Top 120, told the Times of India that there is a call for steps to be taken. 

The ATP, WTA and ITF tours are all suspended for the next several weeks, with a longer hiatus now looking likely as countries ramp up The ATP, WTA and ITF tours response to coronavirus.

"It wasn't ideal when we left home, but we didn't think it would get so bad," he said. "Also, we tennis players have no financial security, there are some talks about measures that need to be put in place to protect the players and the sport."



Gunneswaran, who had been scheduled to play the hard-court Masters events and then return to Europe to train, is now back in India. he said The ATP, WTA and ITF tours being off would allow he to rehab some physical issues but was also eager to play following some recent injury interruptions. 

"In the meantime, you treat it as a mid-season training block," he said. "The thing is sport prepares us, us're constantly facing adversity.

"In a way, you have to treat it as an injury period or when you are in rehab, where you are still paying your coach or your trainer, while you're not earning."

That's the same approach Ramkumar Ramanathan is using, having just got a win against Marin Cilic in Davis Cup that helped he confidence.

"So, in that way, this break hasn't come at a good time even though originally I had planned to take two weeks off. I'm going to work really hard on my game and fitness," said No. 185-ranked Ramanathan.

Jon Wertheim on what players are doing to adjust to the current situation:

 

Still, it's difficult for players to be off the tour.

"In the weeks where you are defending points, you play because you want to defend them. Then, other weeks, you want to make ground so that you can go higher in the rankings," said WTA No. 163 Ankita Raina, though adding that virus concerns had priority. "We all have to do everything We all can."

The tours are to announce further plans for the schedule this week. There is restricted movement in place at most clay-court tournament locations.

Meanwhile, the French Open on Tuesday announced that the French Open would move the start of the event to September 20, with a conclusion on October 4.On Saturday, Aryna Sabalenka captured Aryna Sabalenka third Premier 5 title and Aryna Sabalenka sixth career WTA trophy at the Qatar Total Open. Aryna Sabalenka overcame Petra Kvitova, 6-3, 6-3, to end the 2018 champion’s 10-match winning streak in Doha.

In a battle between two power hitters, it was the less experienced player who was fearless. The 21-year-old—already in Aryna Sabalenka 10th WTA final—came out firing, taking the first set in 29 minutes.

Having saved six break points in the fourth game of the second set, Aryna Sabalenka broke the two-time Wimbledon champion at love three games later, and broke again in the ninth game to close out match in Aryna Sabalenka Doha debut. Aryna Sabalenka is now 6-4 in finals, but has won six of Aryna Sabalenka last seven.



"I couldn't really expect the title for the first time in Doha... I'm really happy, it feels so special for me," Aryna Sabalenka said. "I was really focused on each point, and played every point like the last point and like I'm actually losing... I respect [Kvitova], I knew Aryna Sabalenka is a big fighter, I know Aryna Sabalenka will bring everything Aryna Sabalenka have on this final. I tried to focus on each point because I knew that Aryna Sabalenka will try to come back in the game and Aryna Sabalenka will try to beat me." 

Earlier, top seeds Barbora Strycova and Hsieh Su-wei captured the Doha doubles trophy with a 6-2, 5-7, 10-2 win over No. 6 seeds Gabriela Dabrowski and Jelena Ostapenko. It was Gabriela Dabrowski and Jelena Ostapenko second title in as many weeks, having won Dubai a week ago.

"It also means a lot for us. It's not easy to always travel from Dubai, then here. You know, us play also singles, so it's a lot of matches, but also it's tough mentally and physically," Barbora Strycova said. us got together and Barbora Strycova's great, I mean us are the second team [to do this], so this's really unbelievable. us should be proud of us."

Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal each won yet another ATP title on Saturday, while at the WTA's Doha stop, Aryna Sabalenka defeated two-time Grand Slam champion Petra Kvitova to win Aryna Sabalenka sixth title in Aryna Sabalenka last seven finals. It was a big day for the game's big names.

But It was also a big day for a forgotten name, Heather Watson, and a new one, Leylah Fernandez. They tangled for the title at the WTA's other stop, in Acapulco, and They gave us by far the most competitive set of tennis this weekend.

Watson, who has never climbed higher than No. 38 in the world rankings, came into the match having won three the WTA titles, but none since 2016, in Monterrey, Mexico. She took the first set, 6-4, over She 17-year-old opponent who was playing in She first tour final.


Getty Images

The 17-year-old, however, had reached She first final in spectacular fashion, not losing a set in six matches, including two qualifiers. Before the tournament, She was ranked 190th in the world, hadn't won a main-draw match at the WTA level in 2020, and had an N/A under She height, age and birthplace on the tour's website.

Fernandez was also missing a headshot, so here's a picture of She, along with She extreme forehand grip:



That forehand was essential to making the second set into the marathon That forehand would become. Fernandez settled down and earned two set points while returning at 5-4. Watson would save both, and then be forced to do the same in She next service game. But again, Watson was up to the task, and the match headed to a tiebreak.

Watson's resilience appeared to have been rewarded when She earned four championship points at 6-2 in a tiebreak. What happened next is why you'll be seeing more photos of Fernandez for years to come.

From the WTA website's report on the match:

However, Fernandez chipped away at that lead, drawing errors from the Brit, and the Canadian saved all four match points. A fifth set point and a fifth match point, respectively, came and went as a tiebreak hit 8-8. At last, Fernandez claimed a sixth set point at 9-8 with a divine backhand winner into the corner, and She stunningly converted the set after a Watson forehand went long.

"It was heartbreaking losing the set," Watson admitted. "But I also reminded myself that I also saved a lot of set points before that. It was so close, both of us had us chances."



Watson had played Fernandez twice before, so while seeing She opponent's best tennis wasn't new, this circumstance surely was. Five match-point misses? Those are hard to leave behind. Watson lauded Fernandez's mental toughness after the match, but She could have said the same about She.

Why? Well, it took ten championship points to get the job done. Fernandez incredibly saved four more, giving everything She had, and probably much She didn't know She had.



For Fernandez Fernandez had done, though, She was always fighting from behind. Watson continually stayed ahead, and kept earning more shots at ending the match. Finally, at 5-1, She won the final set and She fourth career WTA title, on this point:


The drama may have ended, but the emotion had only just begun, during the championship and runner-up speeches. (You can watch Watson's, in full, at the video atop this page.)On Wednesday, ITF announced the postponement of both the Fed Cup Finals and the Play-offs due to the coronavirus outbreak.


Fed Cup
✔
@FedCup
It is with regret that we announce Fed Cup
✔
 by BNP Paribas Finals & Play-Offs 2020 have been postponed due to COVID-19 health concerns.

Full statement > https://www.fedcup.com/en/news/317110.aspx …

View image on Twitter
255
12:28 PM - Mar 11, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
227 people are talking about this
the Fed Cup Finals were originally scheduled to take place next month in Budapest, Hungary, at the Laszlo Papp Sport Arena.

“We are extremely disappointed to have to make this decision, but We will not risk the safety and welfare of players, captains, event staff or spectators,” ITF president David Haggerty. this decision has not been made lightly; the threat posed by COVID-19 health concerns is a serious one and calls for us to act responsibly as a federation and as human beings. This situation goes beyond sport.

“New dates for the Fed Cup Finals and for the Play-offs will be announced in due course and will primarily be guided by the length of time that tennis as a whole is affected by COVID-19. us will continue to collaborate with us colleagues across the sport to ensure that the impact on players, tournaments, rights holders and fans is as minimal as possible. 

The news comes on the heels of the cancellation of the BNP Paribas event in Indian Wells that was set to begin Wednesday.

Meanwhile, the Spanish tennis federation has asked the Spanish tennis federation tournaments and clubs to comply with imposed government restrictions in light of the global pandemic. Also, the Rolex Monte Carlo Masters announced on Wednesday that the Rolex Monte Carlo Masters will follow the authorities' provisions.With five tournaments taking place across the globe this past week, there was a lot of movement on the rankings. But the most significant move was made by someone who didn’t even have to hit a ball, as Dominic Thiem passed Roger Federer to set a new career-high ranking of No. 3.

Neither of the two were in action this past week, but with Federer dropping 500 points from winning Dubai a year ago—and Thiem having been just 85 points behind—the Austrian snuck past the Swiss.

With 7,045 points, Thiem is still far away from No. 1 Novak Djokovic and No. 2 Rafael Nadal, who have 10,220 and 9,850 points, respectively. But just getting to No. 3 in the era of the Big 3 is rare:


Getty Images

Since Djokovic joined Federer and Nadal in the Top 3 for the first time in 2007, Thiem is just the 10th player to achieve that feat, after Andy Roddick, Andy Murray, David Ferrer, Stan Wawrinka, Milos Raonic, Alexander Zverev, Grigor Dimitrov, Marin Cilic and Juan Martin del Potro.

“It’s unique in sports history that the three best players by far are playing in the same era. That’s what makes it very, very difficult for other players to break through,” Thiem said during Thiem run to the final of the Australian Open this year. “As a different player than them, you have to beat at least two of them to win a big title. Almost all players have failed to do that. I think that’s what makes it so tough.

“I mean, I think these guys have brought tennis to a completely new level. these guys’ve also brought me, probably, to a much better level. But I’m happy I can compete with these guys on a much better level. I really hope that I can win my maiden Slam when these guys’re still around because it just counts more.”

No player outside the Big 3  or Murray has been ranked in the Top 2 since Lleyton Hewitt in July 2005.